id,date,country,rating,rating_count,plot
1,2010,Egypt,4.45,902,"(Egyptian) A young man immigrated to America with his parents at the age of ten, and after 20 years he returns a desire for stability, and faces many paradoxes resulting from the different times and cultures, as he holds an American passport, which makes everyone deal with him well until he suffers an accident in which he is lost The passport changes everyone's treatment to the opposite."
2,2008,Egypt,4.4,956,"The film revolves around the genius aeronautical engineer Hassan, who dreams of implementing a project to rationalize jet fuel consumption. Hassan falls in love with Farida, so he turns to his father (Mahmoud Hamida) for advice about developing his relationship with Farida and about his personal life, while his mother rejects this way of life and objects to it."
3,2014,Egypt,4.45,741,"(Yahya) is a psychiatrist, who has been out of work for five years, returns to work at Abbasiya Hospital, and is asked to write a report on a psychiatric patient, shocked when he discovers that this patient is his old friend, Doctor (Sherif al-Kurdi), and events complicate to reveal to us exciting secrets She relates to the heroes of the action to unveil a mountain of mystery."
4,2009,Egypt,4.35,849,"(Ahmed Jalal), who is preparing for his wedding, discovers that he is living the same day he spent yesterday, as the day repeats himself with different events, here the hero finds himself trapped in only one day of his life he cannot escape from him."
5,2019,Egypt,4.4,567,"The events of the second part of the film start five years after the events of the first part, where Dr. (Yahya) marries (Lubni), and is summoned to the Department of Dangerous Cases (8 west of Harem), and there he meets someone who manipulates his life and the life of his family, so that Yahya uses the blue elephant pills in Trying to control things and solve the riddles facing him."
6,2007,Egypt,4.35,633,"(Mansour) son of (Ali al-Hefni) is one of the notables of Upper Egypt, and despite Mansour's love for (Karima), he accepts marriage with (Fayeqah) to please his father, and after the father's death, (Mansour) inherits everything from his money and property and even drug dealing, and he helps him in that officer. (Rushdie) facilitated the sale of weapons and drugs to (Mansour) in exchange for informing him about the gangs of Upper Egypt."
7,2009,Egypt,4.3,704,"A Mossad officer responsible for creating a spy network to carry out assassinations in Egypt, he marries an Egyptian girl without telling her his truth, then he flees with her against her will to Israel, pressuring her to deprive her of her children. The Egyptian intelligence service sends an officer to reveal the type of information he obtained and return the deceived wife to Cairo, accompanied by her two children."
8,2007,Egypt,4.3,691,"A mother gives birth to triplets and dies, leaving her twins with a fraudulent father who in turn decides to only show them as one person and extracts for them all official papers in the name of one person (Rida), and over the years the three reach their most intense and they are plunged into defrauding people, taking advantage of the similarity between them, despite their differences between their personalities. (El Prince), (Bebo) and (Sesame)."
9,2019,Egypt,4.3,519,"The film deals with the Egyptian Thunderbolt Forces during the War of Attrition, headed by a brave commander called (Nour), and it discusses the time period starting from the 1967 war until the early times of the War of Attrition."
10,1991,Egypt,4.55,305,"In Kit Kat district, Sheikh Hosni, who is blind, lives with his elderly mother and frustrated young son who cannot find a job after graduating from university. He also fails to find a work contract abroad and tries to emigrate abroad. Hidden tales of the neighborhood."
11,2008,Egypt,4.25,522,"(Ali al-Dakkak) a thief who specializes in opening safes, is arrested to receive a life sentence, and Colonel (Shawqi) offers him to be recruited on a mission in exchange for his release, and (Ali) is given a new life with a new personality and a large sum, but the clash occurs when Shawky offers him a new deal And when (Ali) rejects her, quarrels and deadly blows begin between them."
12,2009,Egypt,4.25,507,"The situation becomes narrow with their adornment, so he is forced to hold a wedding party and hire newlyweds to recover the money he paid as courtesy at the wedding, to pay off his debt and buy microbuses and fate would like his mother to die during the joy, so will the joy continue until he collects his money or ends it?"
13,2006,Egypt,4.25,466,"(Mahmoud) is a simple young man who strives to live like a normal person, his life is going quietly until he witnesses a murder in the garage in which he works as a security guard, and when he speaks the truth, his quiet life falls into collapse, and his dreams are slaughtered by evil emperors, but after he left Prison, he decides to take revenge on those who have been imprisoned."
14,2017,France,3.85,10608,"At the present time in Yerut, where the Lebanese Christian Tony is subjected to a great insult, its origin is a border issue that brings him together with the Palestinian refugee Yasser, the court spreads secret wounds and reveals many traumas. As well as the media surrounding the case, which is pushing it persistently towards the brink of explosion;"
15,1992,Egypt,4.4,316,"(Ahmed) goes to the Tahrir compound to extract the papers to transfer his son to another school, and there he collides with administrative obstacles, and finds himself suddenly involved in carrying a weapon and declaring it among the citizens, so he takes some hostages and some of the present join him, and soon the police forces come to surround the place, escalating events"
16,1991,Egypt,4.5,260,"Three criminal figures besieged the young man, Muntasir, for his transformation into a serial killer: the first praised the director of the workers' travel office to the Gulf with forged visas, where Montaser joined him and paid him to get money from the workers, and then Medhat poked a piece of hashish for Victor and reported him to the police to go to prison, and the second for Rajat Montaser's wife seduced her into prostitution in Turkey for her account, and the third was his old friend Saeed, who betrayed him and stole his money and reported him to the police."
17,2004,Egypt,4.05,679,"After long years in the reformatory after killing a policeman, Tito works in filthy operations for the corrupt police officer (Rifaat al-Sukari), but Tito soon realizes that he has a new opportunity to start over when he meets the businessman (Faris) who decides. He is involved in business, and (Noor) falls in love with her."
18,1970,Egypt,4.55,235,"In one of the Egyptian villages during 1933, the mayor informs the farmers that the share of irrigation of their lands has become equal between them and Mahmoud Bey, the feudal lord, but that the peasants revolt against these instructions, headed by Muhammad Abu Sweilem, and Muhammad Effendi proposes to submit a petition to the government, and travel to Cairo to meet Mahmoud Bey to present it."
19,2019,Egypt,4.1,540,"The events revolve around a place in a comic context about a place where some men decide to gather, and they call it (Secret Men's Club), where dentist Adham (Karim Abdel Aziz) helps a group of his male friends to join the club, after his relationship with his wife (Ghada Adel) escalates After a marriage that lasted for more than ten years, and she caught a big gap, she resorted to watching him all the time in comic ironies."
20,2005,Egypt,4.1,527,"A businessman is killed, and his wife is accused of killing him, so he hires a senior lawyer to defend him, and after he abandons her, she turns to a handsome lawyer who works in the office of that great lawyer. It also places the secretary of the dead man in the charge circle."
21,1988,Egypt,4.45,257,"Hisham (Ahmed Zaki), an officer in the mabahith, seems at first glance to be a kind, friendly person, or so his wife Mona (Mervat Amin) was deceived. Mona thinks that her husband is a good person, but after marriage she discovers his truth, as she discovers that he is unethical, bossy, and uses his authority as a police officer in every way."
22,2016,Egypt,3.85,1928,"Dr. Shukri Mukhtar (Majid Al-Kadwani), a psychologist, decides to give a final lecture, and through his last lecture, he answers one of the most important central questions, which is how love occurs. During his lecture, he explains the seven stages of love through four different love stories that go through many Turns and twists."
23,2006,Egypt,4.15,451,"Tariq works in a mobile phone company, to ask one of the customers to search for him for an address and shared data in the network, and Tariq hesitates to accept the offer, but he accepts after he is reprimanded by his boss because his sales are less than what is required of him, and he gets the girl's data, but he falls In love with her, this gets him into a number of problems."
24,1963,Egypt,4.4,269,"After Saladin's victory over the King of Jerusalem, a peace treaty is signed between them, but the commander of the Crusader army, Reno de Chatillon, slaughters a group of pilgrims going to Mecca. Saladin decides to take revenge. Then the King of England (Richard the Lionheart) and Richard agrees with the condition that he be at the head of the Crusaders."
25,2000,Egypt,4.35,281,"Yahya is a police officer and he is a perfect person to the highest ranks. He is assigned by the police to become corrupt in the underworld (the world of drug trade) and that as he was told to serve the nation, so he is assigned a strange mission called the Land of Fear. Yahya lives for years as a drug dealer, but then he discovers the disaster as the officers who put Yahya in this mission"
26,2012,Egypt,4.35,279,"The film monitors the suffering of Egyptians and their problems, through different stories and stories of the passengers of the train heading to Upper Egypt, which floundered between poverty, disease, unemployment and the suffering of immigration outside the country, until a painful accident occurs that everyone surpasses from a bloody coma."
27,2008,Egypt,4.05,519,"(Congratulations Abu El Alamein Hammouda) is a teacher in a rural country, which everyone fears because he is an example of firmness and discipline. Ramadan is forced by circumstances to work as a teacher in a private school that includes children of senior officials, and he knows that all students in the private school are related to a famous singer, so he decides to keep them away from her in his own way."
28,2008,Egypt,4.15,393,"A social comedy movie, which tells about street life in Cairo between 2007 and 2008 through a taxi driver who is exposed to daily troubles, comic paradoxes because of the taxi passengers, and his relationship with a girl he gets to know and tries to help, and at the same time his relationship with his brother who refuses to return home in search of About getting rich."
29,2018,Egypt,4.15,388,"Taha Hussein Al-Zahhar is a young man who works in a pharmacy, and lives with his father, the reckless who used to work as a history teacher, and one day Taha returns from his work to discover his father's murder in mysterious circumstances, and with time Taha discovers dark secrets that he did not know before about his father's life through his memoirs He left behind, which opens up for Taha a huge world of corruption and crime that he did not know existed."
30,1985,Egypt,4.4,245,"After Jamal failed in his studies, he decides to work as a singer in a popular troupe to revive the wedding, and his chemist brother Salah tries to convince Jamal to quit drugs, so he gives him a piece of hashish made in the factory from harmless fragrant materials and advises him to use it and present it to his friends instead of hashish, and the formula wins the admiration of a drug dealer. Salah falls in front of the temptation of money that comes after him because of his composition."
31,1982,Egypt,4.4,240,"Abdel-Tawab, a trader of perfumery known for his piety, travels to Alexandria to agree on a drug deal in which he pays his wealth and upon his return he is killed."
32,2007,Egypt,4.05,480,"The events of the film take place within the framework of a strong love story that arises between Taymour (Ahmed El-Sakka), who works in private guards for senior officials, and Shafiqa (Mona Zaki), who obtains a doctorate. Because of that post."
33,2010,Egypt,3.75,3561,"The film deals with the phenomenon of sexual harassment through the stories of three women belonging to different social classes: Faiza, who searches for justice in despair, and the wealthy woman, Saba, who works in jewelry design and is recovering after the severe assault she was subjected to, while the comedian brings Nelly to the anger of the public when She dares to file a sexual harassment case."
34,2011,Egypt,4.15,369,"(Arabic) A taxi driver who doesn't have anything but his son in this world, whose (grandfather) his wife's father tries to obtain custody rights after his daughter's death, but (Arab) refused that and obtained a custody court ruling, but the boy is kidnapped and (Arab) is assaulted This made him lose his memory, but when he returns home, he begins to remember some things, and from here the events begin."
35,2010,Egypt,4.15,368,"A famous forger, nicknamed (the consul), famous for his proficiency in forging passports, visas and sales contracts, but he falls into the hands of the police, and he had a major operation during which he put bars of gold in an unknown place, so the young forger (Essam) tries to deceive him when he tells him that he is his son. So that he gains his confidence and knows from him where the gold is."
36,2009,Egypt,4,541,"A joyful, withdrawn young man without any life experiences, he works as a veterinarian and loves a girl unilaterally. He meets a genie who wants to fulfill his dream to obtain his testimony. He gives him six opportunities to fulfill this dream and connect with the girl he loves through appearance, money, strength, manhood and keeping up with the times."
37,2005,Egypt,4,540,"(Hassan) is a poor young man, who finds himself being chased from more than one location and more than one place due to his having to steal, and while he is fleeing he rides a car with (Salma) fleeing from her stepfather, the newspapers appear the next day with a picture of (Salma) as a fugitive criminal with the young man who A corrupt officer accused him of killing one of his soldiers, even though he was the killer, so they had to run without stopping."
38,1982,Egypt,4.4,230,"Driver Hasan suffers from poor financial condition, so he is forced to work on a taxi as an overtime job, especially with the pressure of his wife, who refuses to have their financial situation deteriorated, and at the same time Hassan takes care of his family's problems after his father, Hajj Sultan, declares his bankruptcy, and does not find any of his sisters next to him during this ordeal Difficult."
39,2001,Egypt,4.2,306,"The film deals with the life story of the late President (Mohamed Anwar Sadat), tracing his life path from the beginning until his assassination on the stage, over a period of forty years full of personal and political challenges."
40,2006,Egypt,4,485,"Inside the famous Yacoubian Building located in downtown Cairo, paths and stories intersect between its residents of various affiliations, classes and ideological orientations, which in turn represent reflections of the great image of the homeland."
41,1984,Egypt,4.3,252,"Faris (Adel Imam) works in a shoe factory and lives in a room on the roof of a house after he separated from his wife because of his beating repeatedly, and he loves playing football (drinking) in the popular streets and squares in exchange for bets, which exposes him to dismissal from his work due to his severe negligence. To his wife, but she refuses to do so."
42,1967,Egypt,4.4,216,
43,2010,Egypt,4,467,"The events of the movie revolve around two friends, one of whom travels to a European country to get acquainted with a blind girl and falls in love with her, and when they return together to Egypt, he discovers that she is the same girl that his friend loves, and that she traveled to this country to search for a modern medical method that would help her regain her vision, and then it burned Flames between two friends."
44,1983,Egypt,4.4,212,"Lawyer (Spinach) tried to take advantage of his one-month imprisonment sentence for insulting the court in one of the cases, by establishing many relationships, most notably with the drug dealer Hassouna Muharram, and Salim Abu Zeid, one of the power centers in the sixties, to succeed in removing Hassouna Muharram from prison, and begins in Work with him, to escalate events."
45,1975,Egypt,4.5,185,"The film depicts real events, specifically in 1871, where a tribe called (Harbat) lives in Upper Egypt. This tribe is famous for excavating and selling pharaonic antiquities."
46,2010,Egypt,4.15,313,"Three brothers of the same father; But to different mothers, they are (Samir), a duplexer who works in cinema, and (Shahir) loves music and is known for his multiple female relationships, (Bahir) is the son of an aristocratic family."
47,2006,Egypt,4.05,387,"The movie revolves around a simple person who graduated from university and suffers from unemployment. During his work as a sales representative, he met a girl who asks him for help by claiming to be her husband in front of her wealthy family that resides in Upper Egypt."
48,2008,Egypt,4.05,383,"Mai Adel (Basma) translator, her first fiancé died in a traffic accident; This puts her in a spiral of intense sadness, and after a period of recovery, she enters into a new love affair with Yasser (Ahmed al-Fishawi), but after her association with him, she discovers a great repetition in the course of events with him as he was with her first fiancé, which puts her in a cycle of"
49,1976,Libya,4.6,160,"In the sixth century AD in Mecca, Muhammad (PBUH) is sending a messenger and after three years of mission, he recites what is revealed to him. Abu Sufyan and his wife Hind decide to stand against our master Muhammad, but the Messenger does not stop his calling, Muslims are tortured like our master Bilal and Ammar Ibn Yasser, just as our master Hamza bin Abdul Muttalib stands next to his uncle and declares his Islam."
50,1969,Egypt,4.5,178,"Atris is an innocent child who grows and matures to change his compassionate personality in an exact copy of his grandfather in his cruelty, cruelty, tyranny, and his dominance over the lives of the people of the village of Dahashneh with the terror imposed on them. Atris falls in love with Fouada from childhood, but she rejects him after he is saturated with the spirit and tyranny of his grandfather."
51,2012,Egypt,4.1,331,"The officer (Hamza) requests his transfer from the Central Security Agency to the Drug Enforcement Administration, after his brother was killed by (Suleiman al-Muslimi), hoping to arrest him and avenge his brother, so he watches his brother (Salem) the big drug dealer, after he smuggled (Suleiman) And fabricating an accusation against Hamza's wife, who insists on revenge."
52,1991,Egypt,4.3,231,"Hassan Behansi Bahloul calls the State Security Agency and talks to the officer to inform him about the timing of a fire that will happen in a factory the next day. When the officer asks how he knew this, Hassan informs him that he saw the accident in a dream."
53,2013,Egypt,4.2,267,
54,2010,Egypt,4,407,"The police resort to Hizkum to replace Adham, the right arm of Azzam, one of the largest drug dealers in Egypt, to trap him, taking advantage of the great similarity between them, and the mission is followed by Lieutenant Colonel Serraj and his cooperation, Jermaine, Azzam's secretary, until Azzam discovers the plan and the events follow."
55,1986,Egypt,4.25,236,
56,2019,Egypt,4.2,254,"The events revolve around the engineer (Yusef), whose brother tries to push him to marry, and in the meantime there is an accident for (Youssef) losing his sight, and by chance one day he collides with the girl (Jamila), who cares for him and takes care of him later, and relates to his love, but it seems that they will be subjected to a test Difficult, when each has to prove his love for the other."
57,2019,Egypt,4.05,331,"In the context of excitement and suspense, the film revolves around three friends (Omar Murr, Orabi, Rashid) who form a gang robbery on ships, called (Sea Attacks), who are assigned a dangerous mission against the mafia men, which is the robbery of a large consignment of diamonds, but (Orabi) He decides to carry out the operation for his own account, and flees to Morocco, so the settling of accounts and fierce battles begin."
58,2014,Egypt,4.05,322,"In the aftermath of the January 25 revolution and the prison break-in incidents that occurred during that period, Mansour Al-Hefni (Ahmed Al-Sakka), sentenced to death, escapes from prison, reunites with his brother (Fadl) and his son (Ali), and returns together to the island in order to recover what they lost despite his refusal The son therefore, and to achieve this goal, (Mansour) must stand in the face of his old sweetheart Karima (Hind Sabri), who became the eldest of her family, but they realize that the rules of the game have changed, especially with the appearance of the leader of the traveler Sheikh Jaafar (Khaled Saleh) in the picture."
59,2000,Egypt,4.05,322,"The principal (Ashour Salah al-Din) runs his school with the utmost severity and cruelty, and after he dies, his son (Salah al-Din) inherits it, who has failed in high school and has no experience, and leaves the responsibility to the corrupt agent (Syed) who runs it for his account, and one of the teachers notices that and does his best to guide ( Salah) for the path that guarantees his success in running the school."
60,2018,Egypt,4.1,287,"During the forties, a girl is raped by a group of English soldiers, then three Egyptian youths avenge her, one of them dies, and the live English soldier is detained in the Karmouz police station headed by General Yusef al-Masry, and General Adams demands that he be handed over to him, but Yusef refuses, and the general moves soldiers To besiege the police station."
61,1979,Egypt,4.25,218,"Before the 1967 setback in a public transport vehicle, a quarrel occurred between two passengers, Jaber and his neighbor Marzouq on one side, and the bus conductor, on the other hand. On this day, a group of political opponents are arrested. All detainees are transferred to one of the camps, with Jaber and Marzouq."
62,2007,Egypt,4.05,307,"(Ahmed) is accused of killing his parents, and he is placed in a clinic to examine his mental powers, and the doctor must submit his report to the court within 45 days, and Ahmed is silent and does not respond to the doctor, and the doctor tries to push (Ahmed) to speak before the prescribed period expires."
63,1995,Egypt,4.15,252,"Three lawyers friends, the fellowship gathered, and interests and whims separated between them. The first of them is Fathi Nofal, who turns from a committed lawyer to an opportunist who rises socially until he becomes the director of Minister Rushdie's office, while his colleague Ali Al-Zanati joins religious extremist groups to achieve financial gains by defending those who fall under the penalty of law The third, Mohsen, suffices to work as a simple employee in a company, and remains away from the ongoing conflict between the government and extremist groups."
64,1959,Egypt,4.4,171,"(Hanadi) works as a maid for the irrigation engineer, and she falls in love with that single engineer, but he attacks her and destroys her life. Hanadi is killed in front of her sister (Amna) by her uncle to purify her shame."
65,1983,Egypt,4.3,192,"Al-Sharnoubi is a businessman who trades in spoiled food, pushed by his greed and tyranny to agree with a young man to confess a crime instead of him and he is sentenced to imprisonment, and behind the doors of the cell he meets a prisoner named Fayza in a women's prison who fell in love with her and they exchanged feelings of love through letters. And they decide to take revenge on that greedy trader."
66,1983,Egypt,4.3,191,"Adel is a journalist in a major newspaper, witnessing one night the crime committed by Nashat Al-Kashef, son of well-known businessman Fahmi Al-Kashef, when a bar worker killed Morsi and wounded the dancer Nadia after she refused to stay overnight in his apartment."
67,1960,Egypt,4.4,168,"After the death of the father, the family consisting of a mother, two young men and a girl find themselves without a breadwinner, so that each of them begins to go to a different path, so that the older brother (Hassan) goes to work with drugs, and (Hussein) Al-Awsat graduates from the Police College, while (Nafisa) works in prostitution without knowledge Family, so fate has many surprises for them."
68,1988,Egypt,4.3,188,"Hind, a young widow who works in household service, meets with the light-blooded quorum feast who really loves her, then enters prison and leaves a fetus in her womb, as for Camellia, she is divorced, beautiful, who also works as a maid and relies on her unemployed brother, his wife and his children in exchange for being allowed to sleep in his apartment, and Camellia always rebels For its disgraceful condition."
69,2006,Egypt,4.1,257,"A group of young people, including the rich, the poor, the liberal and the religious, all of whom live a life full of turmoil, swinging between making a decision, implementing it and then canceling it with lightning speed. These young people try to achieve their dreams but are hindered by hesitation and many other things."
70,2002,Egypt,4.05,283,"(Hussein) a frustrated young Egyptian man, after his dismissal from the Military Academy, he travels abroad and falls into the clutches of the global mafia, then he is arrested and imprisoned in an Egyptian prison after the Egyptian intelligence orchestrated his kidnapping; This was to be used by him on a special mission with a group of intelligence officers and their recruits in exchange for a new opportunity to start over."
71,2019,Egypt,3.95,355,"After 3 years have passed since the end of the events of the first part, the four brothers try in various ways to preserve the pledge they made to stay away from the life of theft and crime, but one event that occurs in their lives changes all of that, introduces them into new worlds for them, and puts them in very dangerous confrontations with A number of professional criminals."
72,1998,Egypt,4.05,277,"Khalaf Al-Dahshouri (Mohamed Heneidy) is a senior student in high school who won the award to join the American University in Cairo. Her professor is at the university, and at the same time she is attracted to him (sovereignty), but he does not feel the same."
73,2003,Egypt,3.8,553,"A romantic comedy drama movie, which tells about the smallest details and mysteries in the lives of four friendly couples. The events of the film begin on the night when everyone gathers at the birthday party of someone's daughter, and on this night there are disagreements between husbands and their wives, as their emotional lives are very tense."
74,2018,Egypt,3.8,542,"The story revolves around Hamada (Akram Hosni) and Walid (Tamer Hosni), who were born on the same day, failing in life. Of events and problems."
75,2005,Egypt,3.8,535,"Zaki is a young man who has many problems, whether with his family members or in his work. He knows that his father's employer wants to appoint a bodyguard to guard his son and daughter, and decides to apply for the job despite his physical inadequacy for the job."
76,2009,Egypt,3.75,640,"(Ibrahim Al-Abyad) is a young child whose father is killed in front of his eyes by a big gang that deals in drugs, and the child grows and the image of his father's killing does not leave his imagination, wishing that time passes by him quickly to take revenge on the gang members, and on top of them their leader .. Years pass during which Ibrahim experiences a cruel and violent life Then, he starts approaching the desired gang to get revenge."
77,1986,Egypt,4.25,188,"Engineer Sharif, his wife Souad, their daughter Sarah and their son Hani and his mother reside in the accommodation shelters after the collapse of their house, and due to the inhuman standard of living in the shelters, they resort to the family yard and are surprised by the establishment of Abu Dumah in it, causing disagreement, then Sharif can design a caravan and stay in it, but he is subjected to harassment many."
78,2007,Egypt,3.85,428,The events of the movie revolve around a young man who has lost his memory and seeks to know his truth.
79,2008,Egypt,3.8,501,"An extremist religious group decides to carry out a terrorist operation in a large cabaret, sending one of its men to blow himself up in this cabaret, which includes newlyweds on the wedding night and night girls fleeing their families' homes, others who work in secret, a popular singer who benefits from a wealthy Arab and another who achieves his stardom inside the walls of this place."
80,1981,Egypt,4.15,216,"The thief Maher meets a prostitute Duck while he robs the apartment in which she is spending a red night, the police arrive and Maher clashes with the detective officer Tariq and hits him, removes his gun and runs away. Maher and a duck marry and decide to repent after they meet, Maher spends five years in prison after he popped the eye of his colleague Hammouda, who kidnapped the child Ali Ibn Maher as revenge for him and revenge for his eye .. Will Maher be able to return his son to his embrace and the embrace of his mother?"
81,2017,Egypt,3.8,496,"(Mahmoud) is in his late fifties, the owner of a library for photocopying and copying documents in the Abdo Basha neighborhood, one day while photographing documents, he finds a topic about dinosaurs to start his journey of obsession with searching for the causes of their extinction. This obsession with dinosaurs drives him to rediscover love, friendship, parenthood and the true meaning for life."
82,2017,Egypt,4,280,"(Saif) is a special operations officer, who combats a terrorist named (Marwan), and during this operation the special operations officer (Amr) is martyred, and (Saif) is injured as a result of a bomb exploding next to him, then (Saif) swears to return to avenge (Amr), and on another side he works The officer (Saber) is in the same file as this terrorist, so (Saif) goes to him to ask for his help."
83,1992,Egypt,4.25,182,"After being dismissed from the Public Prosecution Office for his misconduct, Mustafa Khalaf turns to the legal profession, and specializes in defending suspects and outlaws, taking advantage of his skill in familiarity with the loopholes of the law. His activity in compensation cases takes advantage of human suffering in material gain, until his only son finds the victim of a traffic accident. Things turn and events escalate."
84,1949,Egypt,4.25,182,"The work revolves around the (bathroom) teacher of the Arabic language who suffers from his misfortune, until the opportunity comes to be the tutor of the daughter of the Basha, the wealthy, his heart tends to her so that he can be able to him, knows that she is a victim of a young reckless, so he tries to save her from him, and uses an officer to help him in that. Events."
85,2017,Egypt,4,275,"In 1975, (Hassan Bishr) decides to return from Europe after studying Egyptology to the family home in Luxor, and discovers that his father (Bishr Al-Katatni) left a recorded will for him, and he left him papyri dating back to the reign of the Queen (Hatshepsut), and handwritten notes It is attributed to the hero (Ali Al-Zeebak), and (Hassan) to search for what links all of this together."
86,2011,Egypt,4.1,227,"Asmaa is a woman who suffers from HIV and decides not to surrender to him, so she wages a violent war against him, whether by seeking to cure herself or spreading hope in the hearts of all those affected by the dreaded disease, and slowly she is able to achieve many of her goals and the events follow."
87,2017,Egypt,4,274,"In the context of a romantic comedy thriller, the story of the movie revolves around a different framework from a successful and wealthy engineer named (Hussam El Khedaiwy), but he suffers recently from problems in his normal life and resorts to an alternative life through a new device that introduces him to the world of dreams."
88,1979,Egypt,4.25,179,"The film deals with the conditions of the residents of Alexandria during the period of the Second World War, in which the conditions of everyone were disturbed, and in the heart of this climate, Yahya Shukri Murad, a teenager who is fond of acting, who is trying to prove himself, thinks about traveling to America to study acting despite the difficult circumstances of his parents. All over Alexandria."
89,1968,Egypt,4.4,144,"Al-Busaji takes Abbas from Cairo to the village of Kom el-Nahl in Assiut governorate, to take charge of the post office in the village, and there he tries to familiarize himself with life there until he reaches him to snoop on the content of the messages."
90,2011,Egypt,3.8,439,"Majdi is an obese young man who suffers a lot from loneliness, despite his many friends who divide him with their problems, but his unnatural obesity makes them not think of him as a husband, until the opportunity comes when he communicates with (Dina) his girlfriend, whom he knew from childhood, and he tries to get close to her, but he He discovers that she has taken him as a case about the research she is doing at the university."
91,2015,Egypt,3.7,667,"The events of the film center around a girl from a popular neighborhood called Nawara (Menna Shalabi), who lives a love story with Ali (Prince of Salah al-Din) during the period during which the revolution of the twenty-fifth of January and after that, reviewing the impact of what was happening in Egypt during this period on Nawara And on her love story and her work as a maid in the villa of a former minister."
92,1958,Egypt,4.2,185,"(Kenawy) is a level-headed newspaper seller who is mentally unbalanced and works in the Cairo train station. Not being able to win her heart, which drives him into a foolish and crazy act."
93,1957,Egypt,4.35,152,"Haridi (Farid Shawqi) goes to the vegetable market in search of a job opportunity, and after many attempts, he finds a job with the teacher Abu Zayd (Zaki Rostum), who is considered the most powerful merchant in the entire market, and after a while, Haridi separates and marries the teacher Hasania (Tahiyya Karioka) ), And with her and with Muallem Abu Zeid's competitors, he forms an alliance against Abu Zaid, but as soon as Haridi's thorn in the market becomes stronger with their help from his wife and his partners, his situation will change for the worse."
94,2000,Egypt,4.05,231,"A cultural film tells the story of three young men (Fathi Abdel Wahab, Ahmed Rizk, and Ahmed Eid) who want to watch a cultural film (pornographic film) together. The events of the film revolve in a comic framework about their attempt to assemble the basic elements of viewing (film, video, and location), and the situations and paradoxes that happen to them during that."
95,2006,Egypt,3.75,507,"(Mimi) A young man residing in Ismailia, decides to travel to Cairo to find a job opportunity, and gets to know a businessman and his secretary (Mai) and his young daughter (Zina) when he rescued her from drowning to get closer to the family. Zeina) Will he succeed in protecting her?"
96,1993,Egypt,4.1,210,Youssef Al-Mansi is surprised by the girl (Ghada) who enters the transfer booth and asks for his protection. To find her and force her to return.
97,2007,Egypt,3.8,418,"The film revolves around the character of Omar (Karim Abdel Aziz). Omar's tragedy begins when he was a little boy, when Ali witnessed an exchange of fire between his father (Mahmoud al-Jundi) and the police forces, and although his father surrendered and left his weapon, he was sniped."
98,2018,Palestine,3.65,778,"The affaire of a married Palestinian man and a married Israeli woman in Jerusalem takes a dangerous political dimension when they are spotted in the wrong place at the wrong time, leaving them to deal with more than their broken marriages."
99,2009,Egypt,3.75,477,"The film discusses in a social drama, the loss of the original values in the Egyptian family, and the consequences of their departure, through the story of Shehata (Amr Saad) who grew up over his brothers' neglect of him, their control over him, and their bad treatment of him, despite his intense love for them, and how the burning jealousy led Between them, a tragedy."
100,2009,Egypt,3.7,587,"The events of the film take place in a comic form, after the marriage of (Omar and Salma) and the birth of twins, and the suffering of the two in raising them, as problems arise between them due to (Salma) neglecting herself and (Omar), who returns again to his love and his multiple relationships."
101,1971,Egypt,4.3,153,"Anis Zaki is an employee at the Ministry of Health, but he is always absent from awareness of the act of cannabis. He gets to know the actor Rajab Al-Qadi, who in turn introduces him to the group with which he spends most of his time in one of the buoys overlooking the Nile. The pain of reality."
102,1985,Egypt,4.25,161,"Attia (Yahya Al-Fakharani) works as a simple employee in a government agency, after his mother-in-law threatens him to end his engagement to her daughter for being late in providing the marital nest, he decides to take leave from his work, and travels to his hometown to sell his inheritance from his father, and there he falls in love with charity (Laila Elwi Daughter of Kamal Bey (Farid Shawqi) from whom he bought the land, and with time he loves the quietness of the countryside, its simplicity, and its distance from the hustle and bustle of the city."
103,1986,Egypt,4.3,151,"A plane crashes with its passengers near an oasis in the desert, and because the oasis is located in an isolated area, the plane's passengers are trying to adapt to the new situation, and Nabih Bey tries to take advantage of the new situation, and he controls the oasis and establishes himself as its ruler and calls it (Nabalia) after his name, but his plan is disturbed The stiff resistance he faces from the rest of the passengers, led by the revolutionary artist, Adel Sidky."
104,1985,Egypt,4.2,172,"(Wael) is a student in the field of psychiatry during the day and works in a night club in the evening. He gets to know the hospital where he is training for (Salwa), which he is attracted to and falls in love with, and he feels that there is a big story behind her hospitalization, and he tries to help her despite all the obstacles that he faces."
105,2010,Egypt,3.75,446,"Mahmoud Shuaib, a rich businessman, whose sons covet his wealth, so they file a lawsuit before the court to quarantine his money on the pretext that he suffers from Alzheimer's, and appoint them as his guardians, but his nurse turns the events of the movie upside down."
106,2017,Egypt,3.8,376,"A murder occurs in which a businessman named Yahya Zakaria (Muhammad Farraj) is killed, and four people are accused, namely Adham (Ahmed Al-Sakka), Mustafa (Amir Karara), Yusef (Mustafa Khater) and Nada (Ghada Adel), and events begin to escalate as the four of them try to join together from In order to prove their innocence of the charge against them."
107,2011,Egypt,4.1,194,"The film revolves around Khaled, who returns to Alexandria after an absence of years in the United States, searching for his girlfriend, and repairing his fractured relationship with his father. But he discovers that his return came late, as his girlfriend is about to travel and his relationship with his father has reached a dead end."
108,1986,Egypt,4.2,167,"The events of the movie revolve in a romantic social context around a young employee who cannot provide for his marriage expenses, so he and his fiancée decide to marry in secret, and after they fail to find a suitable place to meet, they find nothing but the pyramid plateau, but their marriage is exposed by the morality police who arrest them on charges of an indecent act in The public road, and the film sheds light on the problems of young people, and the difficult conditions they face in order to achieve their simplest dreams."
109,2002,Egypt,4,230,"Raafat Rustom is chosen to be a minister by mistake because his name is similar to that of another person, and he succeeds in staying in his position for a long time, during which he suffers from one ugly nightmares after the other, and Raafat asks his office manager Attia to accompany him on vacation on the northern coast to get rid of these nightmares"
110,2004,Egypt,3.7,533,"Bassiouni Abdel Salam Bassiouni, a young police officer, is assigned to uncover a major drug trafficking gang in a private university."
111,2015,Egypt,3.85,314,"A group of siblings are walking the path of crime in an old era among them to leave it one day, but one failed operation explodes the underlying differences between them, so the older brother and the mastermind behind them leave Rida Rizk (Ahmed Ezz), and decide to work in the family workshop and marry the girl he loves The rest are caught in a terrifying deal with a drug dealer, while they are betrayed, and chased by the police."
112,2007,Egypt,3.75,405,"Hatem is a police secretary, who stands behind many manifestations of corruption, crime and bribery. He falls in love with his neighbor Nour, who in turn loves the public prosecutor, Sharif, and Hatem tries to gain Nour's interest even if by force."
113,2001,Egypt,3.9,267,"Nader Saifuddin dreams of becoming a broadcaster, so he applies to work for Al-Haqiqa news channel, but he and his colleague Effat El-Sherbiny are rejected due to not having enough mediation, but they succeed as news editors until they discover a dangerous secret behind one of the dairy factories owned by businessman Riad Ghanem."
114,1956,Egypt,4.2,157,"A rural mother sells her only cow in order to join her son Imam (Shukri Sarhan) to the College of Dar Al Uloom, and when an imam arrives in Cairo, he rents a room in the Citadel area from a bullying woman called Tahiyyat Carioca, who is fascinated by his youth and vitality and lures him into practicing vice with her; As a result of this, he stumbles in his studies and health, at this time a girl who knows her and her father from childhood helps him to get rid of all manifestations of corruption in which he lives, and her father also advises him to stay away from intercessions, except that intercessions intrigue him in an attempt to remain with her."
115,2016,Egypt,3.55,1200,"Omar (Sherif Mounir) returns from abroad to divide his wealth equally between his family of 9 members, but he tells them that his money is cursed and its cursed pursuit of those who get it wherever he goes, and his cousin Imad (Ahmed Al-Sakka) is already convinced of the matter after the victims occurred in a strange way among the family members on Running and trying to unravel the mystery behind that curse."
116,1959,Egypt,4.25,147,"An elevator breaks down with a group of people who do not know each other, including a movie actress, a crazy person, and other people who feel unhappy in life and when they begin to realize that there is little hope that they will come out alive from the elevator they learn and begin to see life in a positive way."
117,1984,Egypt,4.1,179,Fahmy Abdel Hadi is a superior rural student at the Faculty of Law. His dreams are simple and his dealings are dominated by idealism and purity. He collides with the bitter reality when he loses his mother in search of the price of her treatment at a time when he sees his colleagues and those around him spend lavishly and ridicule his poverty and even refuse to help him to treat his mother while he works for their service. Abandoning idealism and taking revenge on all those who let him down while he is poor.
118,2017,Egypt,3.5,2198,"The events go back to Thursday, June 25, 2009, with the news of the death of Michael Jackson, especially one of the sheikhs who was dubbed by everyone as (Jackson) in his school years, but what does a Sheikh and Imam of a mosque relate to the myth of American singing? The most important question is, will he be able to practice his life normally after that, or will his memories and his relationships with those he love bring back with him?"
119,2006,Egypt,3.85,287,"When Mustafa arrives in Ukraine and lives with a number of Egyptians residing there, the crime of kidnapping an Egyptian scientist falls before his eyes, and he gets involved in the mission to rescue him in a country about which nothing is known."
120,1991,Egypt,4,209,"During the Second World War, a remote oasis in the desert is attacked by a group of armed men led by Marshal Burai and stealing her goods. Othman, the sheikh of the tribe, travels to Cairo to buy the necessary weapons, and he uses a person called Shams El-Zenati who loves Hannah from the same oasis, and in turn uses a group of his friends, and recruits them to participate With him on this mission."
121,1969,Egypt,4.25,142,"Zahra escapes from her small town after her family pressured her to marry a wealthy old woman. She headed to the city of Alexandria and worked in a small hotel, and began to meet different personalities in thought and life, including Hussein Allam, the rich and frivolous, and Mansour Bahi, the educated young fighter whom Zahra recognized, trying to help her learn reading and writing."
122,2008,Egypt,3.85,274,"(Fayez) discovers that his grandfather left him a code sheet with what he discovered before his murder, which is a map of a treasure in the city of Jerusalem that the Jews who fled to Egypt drew, so he decides to go on an adventure with his friends (Ismail) and (Deir al-Ansari), and search for the map hidden in one of the temples Archaeological sites in Luxor."
123,1966,Egypt,4.15,159,"Hussein Omar, head of the projects department, is surprised by the transfer of his wife Ismat as a director of the construction company for which he works. The husband hides the truth of his marital relationship with the manager, but he is forced to admit it after suspicions hover around them and after the troubles they were exposed to under Hussein's eyes. The situation worsens between him and his wife."
124,2004,Egypt,3.65,519,"The businessman (Khattab Al-Najari) is trying to deport all the young men who propose to his only daughter (Habiba), because of his strong attachment to her, until he proposes to propose to his daughter, the officer (Tariq), who previously got (Khattab) out of a dilemma in one of the departments, and tries ( Khattab, in various ways, is to remove (Tariq) from his daughter, thus placing obstacles that Tariq will succeed in overcoming."
125,1987,Egypt,4.15,156,"(Saeed) and (Nabil) are friends, (Saeed) suffers from not having children, so (Nabil) the doctor decides to help him in an innovative way, by implanting a part of the brain of a poor man for him, and (Abdul Qawi) - who donated the required part - suffers after the operation From a state of severe fatigue, as for (Saeed), his wife is unable to conceive despite the success of the operation, and matters are getting worse."
126,1975,Egypt,4.1,167,"The film goes back to the 1960s, with its events going back to the life of a group of university students, namely Ismail Al-Sheikh, Zainab Diab and Hamada Helmy, and all three of them frequently frequent a famous cafe called Karnak, but their life paths change forever after they were arrested and tortured as part of the repressive practices practiced by the intelligence services at the time."
127,1962,Egypt,4.25,135,"Saeed Mahran, a thief who is ready for crime, takes Raouf Alwan as his example in life, especially after he advised him that a person must obtain what he wants by any means he sees, and during the execution of one of the thefts, he informs his son Alyish Sidra about him in order to marry Saeed's wife after his imprisonment, and after Saeed leaves Prison is met by Raouf Alwan with extreme arrogance after he became a brilliant journalist, and both Raouf and Nabawiyeh become Saeed's ex-wife and Aliish Sidra, his son, his staunch opponent and seeks revenge on them."
128,1996,Egypt,4.1,162,"The film reviews one of the most important and dangerous periods of Nasser's rule, the one that witnessed the nationalization of the Suez Canal in 1956. The film reviews Nasser's relationship with the Revolutionary Command Council, the ministers and his office, as well as the personal aspect with his wife, children and father."
129,2010,Egypt,3.6,599,"Bulbul gets to know a successful aristocratic girl named Yasmine, but she is far from the romance that Bulbul dreams of, but at the same time he admires his cousin Hala for her calm and kindness, but in the midst of all this, Amal, a psychiatrist who treats him, appears to him, who is also a successful personality in her work and fun Very much and thinking about linking with it."
130,1987,Egypt,4.05,173,"(Abdel Samie) travels to Cairo with his wife and children to search for a livelihood, so he works as a janitor in a building, and with his intelligence he can work as a middleman alongside the profession of doorman until he succeeds in achieving not a small percentage of money and events follow between his greed and his fall into the hands of the playboy (Ilham) that seeks to seize On his money after her divorce from her husband."
131,1966,Egypt,4.2,137,"Mahjoub Abdel Dayem (Hamdi Ahmed) is a poor young man from Upper Egypt and lives a miserable life in Cairo. He gets to know the son of his village (Salem Al-Ikhshidi) who asks him to help him get a job, so he is not only offered a good job in the ministry where Salem works. He is also offered to marry Ehsan (Suad Hosni), Qasim Bey's lover (Ahmed Mazhar), and that Qassem Bey visits her once a week."
132,2009,Egypt,3.8,265,"Khaled El Shahawi is a talented engineer, but he deals with the world behind a curtain due to his short-term amnesia, but his closed life changes quickly when he falls in love."
133,1957,Egypt,4.15,141,"The film tells the story of a poor young man named Ali (Shukri Sarhan), and his eternal love for a rich princess named Enji (Maryam Fakhreddin), but their love does not see the light in light of class discrimination, and her father's categorical rejection of that marriage. Their relationship becomes complicated when her father learns of that relationship, so he expels Ali's father, and Angie threatens that he will strike her lover if she does not back down, and in fact Angie retracts from the relationship and gets engaged to someone else."
134,1939,Egypt,4.15,141,"Love combines Muhammad and Fatima, so they pledge to marry, while Muhammad is a recent graduate and suffers from uncomfortable financial conditions. It happens that he shares with Nazih Pasha, the father of his friend Adly, in a commercial company with his efforts. Very financially, Muhammad is then in big trouble."
135,1984,Egypt,4,175,"The story of the movie revolves around (Khassi) a simple young man, who works for his cousin (Nabila) and falls in love with her, but she does not share the same feeling, because she loves (Sami) the company's manager. Massad) and the news of his suicide is spread false, then he returns in a fake and terrifying character (Al-Khat) to reveal the games (Massad), so that the events escalate in a comic framework."
136,2012,Egypt,3.85,232,"Aziz (Ahmed Ezz) is one of the examples of businessmen who seek to achieve their dreams in any way, taking advantage of his influence and power, indifferent to the interests of others and not paying attention to the interest of the country, and fate wants him to fall into a situation that turns his life upside down and changes his lifestyle, So you see what happened and made it change?"
137,1971,Egypt,4.25,123,"(Syed) is a famous writer who climbed the top of the social and political pyramid in search of more. He is married to Sherifa, and is preparing to travel abroad to work for the United Nations, but he reads in a newspaper the news of the killing of his twin (Mahmoud), so he postpones his travel and calls the police to search for the killer of his brother, and it begins On the search trip, the police officer has doubts about Syed."
138,1959,Egypt,4.2,129,"In a dramatic social context, the events take place when (Lamia) turns to the police to reveal the killer of her brother, and the officer (Asim) is tasked with investigating this case. Where he impersonates her second brother, to penetrate into the gang headed by (Ismat), trying to uncover the mystery of the first man and the real leader of the gang, and to arrest the murderer of Lamia's brother."
139,2008,Egypt,3.75,289,"The events of the film revolve around the character of a radio presenter (Laila), who presents a successful nightly program in which she hears the secrets of the people who call her asking for advice and help in a number of problems, and at the same time the life of a young doctor (Amr Waked) suffers in his life from her boredom, to To happen by chance that they get to know the broadcaster, and an endless relationship begins between them."
140,1969,Egypt,4.1,147,"The thieves (Hamed) and (Ismail) try to steal a jewelry store on the ground floor of a building, which makes it difficult for their task not only the seriousness of the crime, but also that they are forced to enter the shop by digging into the floor of the apartment that is directly above the shop and this apartment is inhabited by (Aziza) And (Essam), a married couple, lead an unstable life."
141,1999,Egypt,3.8,251,"Abboud is a riotous young man with two friends. They live a bright life. His riots lead to problems with his family. He knows that he will not enter the army because he is the only one who works as a non-commissioned officer in the army. He is indecent, he acts on the borders with his colleagues themselves."
142,1954,Egypt,4.2,127,"Ahmed is an agricultural engineer, who returns to his village in the south of the valley where his father works as an agricultural overseer, so he succeeds in improving the reed strain, and he loves the daughter of the pasha since they were young, but competes with him in that the secretary of the pasha who wants to marry Nadia, this coincided with the anger of the pasha on him Because he has a monopoly on exporting the cane after the improvement he has made on it, so the pasha takes advantage of a dispute that arises between the sheikh of the estate and the overseer, so the secretary of the pasha fires the overseer and fixes the charge against the sheikh of the estate."
143,2016,Egypt,3.7,325,"(Nour Qabbani) A tour guide goes to Sharm El Sheikh, taking advantage of an offer made by the company to spend his honeymoon in order to meet an Italian girl named (Perla). The offer was exploited by (Nour), and the family allied with (Layla) to thwart his relationship with (Birla)."
144,2014,Egypt,3.6,468,"A Christian child named Hani Abdullah Peter (Ahmed Dash) his father dies suddenly, and soon problems accumulate on his mother when she discovers that her husband's inheritance is in huge debts, so the mother is forced to transfer Hani to a government school instead of his private school. Since this child is afraid of religious persecution, he pretends to everyone in the school that he is a Muslim child, so the events follow, complicate matters and monitor the viewer many situations and complications related to this issue."
145,1999,Egypt,3.8,240,"(Hammam) is a young man who suffers from poverty and unemployment, and also feels sad because of his abandonment of his engagement to him and her association with another man. All this makes him disheartened, and he struggles and works hard until he can fulfill his dreams."
146,2011,Egypt,4.1,140,"The events of the film take place in a dramatic and interesting format, where a group of girls and young men decide to spend a vacation inside a boat and head to it to view the sea, and they are unable to return and try to cope until help arrives, and during this time their internal conflicts appear, and between each other, and shed light on the lives of each of them And his own problems."
147,2002,Egypt,3.75,269,"Al-Lambi lives in the neighborhood with his mother, France, in a poor house. He falls in love with his neighbor, but her father objects to this marriage, and France is trying to push Lemby to search for work so that he can support himself."
148,1990,Egypt,4,161,"A philosophy teacher could rent a room on the rooftops in a popular neighborhood, he was fired from his work due to being accused of political activities, which forced him to pursue the profession of charlatanry and sorcery, exploiting his mental intelligence and ignorance of society until he became a well-known and wealthy man through his installation of many people."
149,1961,Egypt,4.2,122,"Ibrahim Hamdi succeeds in assassinating the prime minister cooperating with colonialism, and manages to escape after his arrest and takes refuge in the house of his university colleague Mohi, who has no political activity. Then he takes advantage of the situation to hasten his marriage to Samia, who rejects him."
150,1963,Egypt,4.2,122,"(Hussein), the head of a large Egyptian family, suffers from problems managing the costs of his eldest daughter's marriage, so he decides to embezzlement from his financial custody in the company he works for with the intention of returning it later. Within this framework, the film is exposed to the social life of the Egyptian family at that time."
151,2009,Egypt,3.6,437,"The events of the film revolve around twins separated by days, where each one of them was brought up in a different environment, one was adopted by a dancer and lived with her in a slum area, a poor and marginalized life, and the other was adopted by a good, high-ranking family, so the first becomes a drug dealer and the second is a police officer."
152,2004,Egypt,3.6,437,"The movie revolves around a disjointed Egyptian family, where the father lives in Europe with his eldest son, and the mother lives in Egypt with the younger son, and the brothers do not know each other, and the elder brother decides to return to Egypt to live with his mother and get to know his brother."
153,1950,Egypt,4.2,120,"(Hassan Al-Hilali) is a noble young man who loves a girl, but his opponent in love with her plots him, so he is arrested on his wedding night, and he goes to prison for a long time without trial or charge. In prison, he meets a kind-hearted old man, who tells him the location of a treasure, the old man dies and Hassan escapes, then goes to find the treasure, after which he decides to return to his hometown to take revenge on those who wronged him and marry his girlfriend again."
154,2003,Egypt,3.8,230,"(Al-Lambi) is arrested after his attempt to steal his father's apartment contract from his uncle, and he is sent to prison. Surgical and puts the brain of (Riad) in the body of (Al-Lemby), which sets off many comic situations."
155,1954,Egypt,4.2,119,"The action revolves around a man who suffers a heart attack and sends his daughter to get the medicine, but the pharmacist discovers that it caused an error in the composition of the medicine to become a deadly poison, so he tries with the help of the police to search for the man and save him before taking the medicine, so will they succeed?"
156,2002,Egypt,4.05,143,"(Kamel Shehata) is a simple accountant with simple dreams. He works in a butcher shop for the girl's mother whom he loves and loves, and he tries to forget his worries and problems by resorting to drugs, he and his simple friends like him, until the imp (Tamteen Effendi Sultan) who has been watching (Kamel Shehata) appears since A period and he disguises himself in human form until he tries to help him face life."
157,1976,Egypt,4.2,116,"Camellia loves acting, gets to know the director and producer, Ahmed Sameh, who agrees with her to star in his new movie. Aziz, the influential person, approaches her but repels him. She agrees with Ahmed to marry and Aziz threatens her to kill him. She decides to sacrifice her love, so she treats Ahmed roughly and repels him to save him."
158,1954,Egypt,4.2,116,"After the death of his father, Sultan thought that his uncle would take care of him, but he seized his inheritance, so the boy was lost on the road, so he was picked up by a pickpocket gang, so his uncle expelled him and deposited him with the juvenile correctional institution, trying to find a decent job after leaving the reformatory, but he fails, so he decides to avenge everyone who wronged him."
159,2001,Egypt,3.8,219,"Salmawy and Mima dream of joining the acting institute, but they meet the impossible entrance exams, and try to enter the world of acting through any other door, and with every attempt they are accompanied by misfortune that leads them several times to the police station, and despite the troubles they insist on completing the journey and achieving their dream at any cost."
160,1989,Egypt,3.9,174,"The child (Barakat) gets lost from his mother in the crowd of the birth, so the seller (Ali Al-Araj) kidnaps him and takes him to his house and calls him (Ibrahim), to grow up in an environment that is all criminal, and he gets involved with working with a smuggling gang, and he travels with them to Greece to carry out one of the operations, to change his life."
161,1991,Egypt,4.15,119,"The film tells the story of a mayor named Abd al-Raziq al-Sharshaabi (Omar al-Sharif) when his younger son Tawfiq (Khaled al-Nabawi) asks for recruitment. Indeed, after intimidation and intimidation, a poor father called Abd al-Muawjid (Izzat al-Alayli) persuaded his son, an Egyptian (Abdullah Mahmoud) for recruitment, even though he is the only mother and father in exchange for giving him five acres, and in fact an Egyptian goes to the army in the name of the son of the mayor."
162,1962,Egypt,4.05,134,"The film revolves around businessman Murad Salem (Rushdi Abaza) who owns a textile factory he inherited from his family, and during a visit to him in Alexandria he falls in love with Aida (Shadia), the daughter of a former minister, and they fall in love and decide to marry her, but Aida soon finds The mischievous face of Murad Salem, when she discovers from the generous (Shweikar) that he has married twelve times before, and that he deals with marriage with extreme expediency and opportunism, which prompts Aida to teach Murad a lesson he will not forget."
163,1970,Egypt,4.15,117,"In the wake of the Cairo fire, Essam feels guilty for betraying his friend Samir when he messes with his wife Madiha, so Essam decides to take revenge on Madiha's father, who pressured him to marry Madiha in order to avoid the scandal."
164,1980,Egypt,4.1,124,"(Shams) is a photojournalist in one of the magazines, related to a love story with (Salwa), an employee who encourages him in his work and dreams with him about big projects, called (Shams) to photograph a wedding, and by chance he picks a picture of a piece of paper burning with mysterious words on it, these words lead him to a gang It is led by a woman who smuggles antiquities abroad and counterfeits money."
165,2017,Egypt,3.7,251,"(Samir Eliwa) is a bank employee who has been in work for years. He is fired suddenly after a decision to reduce employment, so he tries to search for a new job, and after days he opens the door at night to find a box containing a mobile phone and an invitation to put his fingerprint, on the phone he watches a series of pictures and videos that deal with His past, before he receives a call that will change his life forever."
166,1966,Egypt,4.15,113,"Kamal, a well-known TV director, is looking for a little girl to perform the new show tournament that he is working on, and the director announces a competition to choose a child as the hero of the awaited show. Comic ironies."
167,2010,Egypt,3.6,333,"The events of the film revolve around Yahya, a young doctor who graduated from the medical school, but he suffers from speech disorders, and because of that, he is ridiculed by his friends and colleagues."
168,1973,Egypt,3.9,158,"Magdy leaves Upper Egypt to take up a job where he gets to know Sami, who knows many women, and Magdy asks him to get to know him about some women, so he goes with him to the club and sees Hanan by chance and immediately admires her and asks Sami to advise him how to get to know her. Indeed, Sami continues to give advice to Majdy and support her with experiences Happened before."
169,2016,Egypt,4,133,"The events of the film take place after June 30, 2013 inside a police deportation vehicle crowded with demonstrators supporting and opposing the rule of the Muslim Brotherhood, after the ouster of President (Mohamed Morsi) from power, and includes moments of insanity, violence, romance and comedy as well, and a large part of what is happening in Egypt."
170,1984,Egypt,3.9,155,"Arafa Mashaweer works as a porter in a poor area, suffers from sexual repression until he marries Warda and spends most of his time with her."
171,2014,Egypt,3.6,315,"The events of the movie take place in the Shamaa Museum, where the museum includes a collection of statues of the most famous figures in history. These statues come to life only after five in the evening, until five in the morning, and coincides with the time before they wake up shortly before they wake up (Thursday) entry to this abandoned building, to begin the chase King (Tutankhamun) heads it to him as a stranger and a thief, until he is sentenced to death, so he (Aladdin) makes a deal with him in exchange for his help to travel to (Disneyland) in America, and tells him that the museum director acquires a book with a talisman that can be unleashed with all"
172,1977,Egypt,4.1,114,"Shusha al-Saqqa, who is very afraid of death, because for him he robs the loved ones, and he took his wife from him, and Shusha meets with Shehata, who later learns that he is an educational assistant, and he is cursed by him and Shehata dies so that Shusha grieves with great grief and a nervous state while helping him bury him."
173,1937,Egypt,4.15,107,"A courier who works in a commercial store is sent to the bank to deposit cash, but he is late for the time, then returns to the store and finds it closed and goes to a hotel to sleep and keeps the money in the hotel safe, but he happens to be confused with the Emir of Kandahar and the Prince of Kandahar admires him and insists on completing this Confused to reveal his enemies."
174,1982,Egypt,3.9,152,"(Kamal) and (Nora) have a strong love relationship, but her father, the butcher, rejects their marriage because of social differences and the poor economic situation of (Kamal) and his father (Abdul Samad), and Noura's father fabricates a bribery case for (Abdul Samad), the father of (Kamal), On the other hand, Anhar, a neighbor of Kamal, falls in love with him, but she marries Abd al-Samad after her fiancé (Khamis) travels, who deceived her and deluded her to marry her."
175,1975,Egypt,4.1,113,"Mustafa shoots at Rushdi Bey, the chairman of the board of directors of one of the companies responsible for public housing, and escapes from the company, and while he is leaving the door of the institution, he is hit by a car and falls on the side of the road, the ambulance takes the two injured to a hospital. Evidence about the circumstances and manner of killing and the relationship of the killer to the murderer."
176,2008,Egypt,3.5,455,"Ibrahim or captain Hema had a dream to become a professional football player, but he could not achieve that and due to the difficult conditions of his family financially, he is forced to work as a driver in a language school and there he gets to know Maryam, a painting school that is pursued by a rich politician who is exposed to many problems as a result of the pursuit of that politician."
177,1981,Egypt,4.05,119,"The thief, Zaatar, works for Zaghloul, the owner of an import and export company. Zaghloul exploits Zaatar's potential and assigns him suspicious tasks related to smuggling goods from customs. Zaatar gets acquainted with Siham, the sister of the investigation officer, Muhammad, and the love bonds between them, which provokes the anger of Muhammad. Zaatar leaves from Zaghloul and begins his rivalry. Zaghloul proposes to marry Siham, and Muhammad welcomes him."
178,1990,Egypt,3.8,177,"Al-Shawaf hands over his neighbor Fatima an illustrative map of the shipwrecked at Satan Island in Hurghada, where the gold boxes are hidden, and he accompanies it to Baybars to finance the trip."
179,1971,Egypt,4.15,103,"President Morsi is a resident of one of the distant lighthouses, he marries Souad recently and then returns to work, tells Nour about his previous female adventures, and asks him to send a letter to his wife during his vacation, but he soon regrets this step, and he is obsessed with his wife and Nour."
180,1990,Egypt,3.75,192,(Hanafi pomp) steals a jewelry store with its partners and seizes the stolen bag and hides it with his brother (Ahmed) before arresting them. His three accomplices manage to escape and kidnap (Doaa) Ahmed's wife until they get the bag.
181,1968,Egypt,4.15,100,"Masoud Abu Al-Saad is an ordinary employee who is married but is unable to change his life, and by chance he sees a store that sells morals and sees that ugly morals have been implemented so he buys some good morals, but after he worked with them he lost everything and he is forced to buy some ugly morals such as hypocrisy that helps him to take over The best positions."
182,2013,Egypt,3.95,130,"The film revolves around two brothers: Hassan (Khaled Saleh), a doctor at the university, and Salah (Tariq Abdel Aziz), who works as a chemist and ends up working in the manufacture of Tarshi. Influential wealthy people."
183,1983,Egypt,3.8,167,"Hassanein Al-Bartoushi (Adel Imam) comes from his village to Cairo after the death of his father, and resides in his uncle's house, and after Hassanein fails in all the jobs that are assigned to him, he is expelled from his uncle's house to find himself with a group of beggars headed by Sayed Hamosh, and Hassanein is recruited to be a beggar In an upscale neighborhood, he finds himself involved with a corrupt businessman who believes Hasnain works for the police."
184,1995,Egypt,3.7,207,"Bakhit (Adel Imam) works in a small workshop, and he meets Adela (Sherine) for the first time by accident on the train. At the same time, a drug dealer (Mustafa Metwally) tries to escape from the police who stressed the siege on him, so he leaves his money bag with Bakhit and Adela's belongings. Bakhit and Adela discover the new bag that does not belong to them, including the wealth it contains."
185,2012,Egypt,3.65,234,"Three girls who have a general relationship live with their grandmother, they are looking to sell the palace in which they live, so they go to (Aziz Al-Hanish) to buy the palace, so the grandmother tries to prevent them and warns of a curse that happened to their grandparents, except that the girls do not listen to her, so the curse hit them and turned into men, and throughout the events Girls seek to bring back the minors, and try to decipher the curse."
186,2020,Egypt,3.8,163,"In an atmosphere of suspense and excitement, the film revolves around a comedic adventure that takes place when each of (Youssef, Khaled and Nadia) seeks to search for the tomb of Alexander the Great, which the world has been searching for for many centuries."
187,1963,Egypt,4.1,103,"A wealthy person is dispossessed of his property, goes bankrupt and has nothing left but his palace. He meets a young man who holds a PhD but is unemployed, and proposes to the Prince to take advantage of the palace by renting it out furnished."
188,2007,Egypt,3.55,314,"(Nagwa) is a music teacher from Minya. She takes the opportunity to come to Cairo on a trip with her students to search for (the congratulations). Her first school, who taught her music, lives in an apartment in Heliopolis. From two different worlds."
189,2010,Egypt,3.6,259,"The story of the movie revolves around the simple girl (Najiba) who excels in academic studies, who is forced by circumstances to work as a teacher while she studies at the university, and she gets to know three young people who exploit her kindness and naivety in their own purposes and interests until she discovers the matter, and begins to return to her proper rules."
190,1976,Egypt,4.05,107,"The Khedive, the grandfather, is confused between his younger son, who was absent, that is an exemplary engineer, and his eldest son, who did not complete his studies, and has become a tyrant in the village, supported by his mother, who is known for her strength of character. Defeated, he works under his brother's leadership in the winepress, but they clash in the end when they find themselves facing each other."
191,1963,Egypt,4.15,93,"Zizi is a five-year-old girl, her family consists of (seven); The engineer who tries to invent a machine that turns cotton directly into fabric, and Sammy;"
192,1972,Egypt,3.9,128,"Zainab, or as everyone calls her, Zuzu, the daughter of the dancer Naima Almazia, a girl who moves her world from Muhammad Ali Street and his dancers to the university, aspires to education and leaves this profession, but she is linked to a love story with a young man from the wealthy class, and lives a psychological struggle between Zainab, a university student and beloved, and Zuzu's daughter Muhammad Ali Street."
193,1959,Egypt,4.1,97,"The people of Luxor decide to buy a new sandal instead of the old one for the sake of the river transport business, and assigns the mayor Mujahid to go to buy, and with him Mohassab Ibn Al Rayes Gad, knows the thieves and competitors about the purchase order, and their leader Abu Sufyan decides to get the amount, so he sends his men to steal the money."
194,1993,Egypt,3.6,240,"Ali Abdel Zahir, a member of an extremist terrorist group, carries out a major terrorist operation in which a large number of tourists are killed, and while he is running away, a beautiful wealthy girl hits him with her car and carries him to her home for treatment, and there he gets to know her emancipated family, and during his stay with them, ideas clash inside him between what the group promotes and what he touches Who is good and kind in them, and doubts everything in him."
195,1963,Egypt,4.15,91,"The events revolve around Laila (Faten Hamama) who lives in an average family and tries to revolt and participate in the demonstrations, but her father violently restrains her and punishes her severely. She falls in love with her cousin, but soon discovers that he is not much different from her father, so she leaves him and loses her confidence in society."
196,2019,Egypt,3.55,271,"The film revolves around Saif, a professional con artist, whom the beautiful and wealthy girl uses as a solution, to help her recover her money from another swindler, to start an endless series of tricks and games in which the concepts of love, friendship and life are mixed."
197,1962,Egypt,4.15,88,"The film tells the story of Iman (Najat), an innocent nurse, who takes on a new assignment; She is nursing a blind man named Ahmed (Saleh Selim)."
198,1953,Egypt,4.05,99,"Alexandria is dominated by the phenomenon of the disappearance of women and fear infiltrating the hearts. The police are concerned with this phenomenon and work to decipher its secrets, and officer Ahmed prepares a plan to uncover what is behind this phenomenon, and they are the Raya and Sakina gang who were targeting women to steal their jewelry."
199,2006,Egypt,3.55,266,"(Taha) is a graduate of a computer institute, he belongs to a poor family, and is forced to lie to his fiancée because of his suffering from unemployment, and in return his father also suffers from unemployment after the privatization of the factory in which he worked and layoffs the workers to an early retirement, so that (Taha) can obtain information that condemns The owner of the factory is corrupt."
200,1998,Egypt,3.7,174,"Photographer Sayed Gharib emigrates from his hometown to Cairo in search of a place close to the Kasr Al-Aini College of Medicine, which his daughter Tahani joined, and at the university, the daughter's congratulations collide with the aristocratic society, and a love relationship develops between her and the son of businessman Tariq Ezz El-Din."
201,2018,Egypt,3.55,256,"The events take place in an exciting police thriller about a businessman (Adam) who is accused of criminal acts, at a time when the police resort to him on a dangerous mission. Will the events develop and make him involved, or is there a mysterious side unknown about him?"
202,1981,Egypt,3.8,140,"A coincidence combines between Doctor Amal, who decided to move away from Cairo in voluntary isolation in Sallum in an attempt to escape from the memory of the death of her fiancé in a car accident, and between the reckless teacher, gambler, Hani, who was transferred to Salum as a punishment for his recklessness and misbehavior. Their meeting."
203,1986,Egypt,4.05,96,"In the far reaches of Upper Egypt, mixed with the misery of life, she waits sadly with her paralyzed husband for the return of her son from his exile in Sudan, and she, her daughter, and her granddaughter later suffer from social injustice and discrimination against females, whether with Fahima who marries a man who is impotent and takes her sadly to the temple and endures, or Farhana, the daughter who carries a serial killer, and her uncle gets angry with her."
204,2007,Egypt,3.4,497,"(Morgan Ahmed Morgan) is a successful and influential businessman, but he suffers from an internal deficiency due to the lack of completion of his education, which cannot be hidden or bought with his wealth and influence, but his children convince him of the need to study and join the same university in which the children study, and in which a new phase of his life begins , And it enters into an endless series of comedic ironies."
205,1986,Egypt,4.15,85,"(Rifaat) is a teacher who suffers from the heart and marries (Salwa) the poor and stranger from the neighborhood of al-Warraq, despite his mother's opposition, who tries to persuade him to divorce her in exchange for his right to inheritance. (Saint Damiana)."
206,2005,Egypt,3.4,488,"The film revolves around the engineer (Sherif Khairy) who works for an oil company in Dubai, and is forced to return to Egypt after an absence of twenty years, to be surprised that the Israeli embassy is next to his apartment and tries hard to sell the apartment at the beginning, but his failure makes him deal with the matter in different ways."
207,2007,Egypt,3.4,485,"(Omar) is a young university man with multiple female relationships, suffering after leaving his girlfriend to him, and at the university he is attracted to (Salma), who soon falls in love with her and tries to attract her to him, but at the same time he does not give up his casual relationships."
208,1956,Egypt,4.05,94,"After three years of absence, (Rajab) returns after a long journey he spent on the board of a boat seeking to save money to consummate his marriage to (Hamida), who lives with his mother in one of the nests built by the sea, but with the passage of days the heart of ( Rajab) feelings of jealousy when he doubts the existence of a relationship between (Hamida) and (Mamdouh), the son of the owner of the shipping company, which coincides with the existence of many problems between the owner of the company and its workers."
209,1999,Egypt,4.15,82,"The film takes place in a small village in Upper Egypt, where people live in extreme poverty. A strange man arrives in the village inviting people to travel to work in the Gulf countries, so all men travel except for the impotent grandfather, and his grandson Ahmed (Muhammad Najati), and a large group of women, who grow up between (Ahmed) and one of the girls of the village called Salma (Sherihan) a love story."
210,2001,Egypt,3.55,235,"(Badr) is a young veterinarian who loves his profession, but faces many obstacles that prevent him from achieving his scientific ambition. He dreams of traveling to his uncle who immigrated many years ago to (South Africa) where he can work in a scientific atmosphere that appreciates his field, and he is surprised after his uncle's death that he must travel to participate in Inheritance with his cousin according to the uncle's will in the estate, which is an open zoo, and there he gets acquainted with (Jamila) his cousin, and their relationship from the first moment appears to be a fierce and uncomfortable relationship, and everyone is surprised by a terrible danger threatening them to lose the garden, so they unite their efforts to save"
211,1984,Egypt,3.75,144,"Mohamed Hassan travels to Germany to work as a lathers in a factory. From his first day, he suffers from many troubles such as the difference in language, culture and racism. He gets to know a German girl who knows some Arabic and helps him learn German, while he gets to know the Greek boxing coach who is fluent in Arabic. He helps and supports him until he becomes a hero."
212,2018,Egypt,3.7,156,"Inside the American embassy in Cairo, a large number of citizens go to obtain the papers necessary to travel and immigrate to (the United States of America), including two spouses who are planning to exploit their presence on American soil by rule of law in order for the wife to give birth to a child who acquires citizenship and gives it to them, so things turn around after a quarrel occurs and shots are fired"
213,1974,Egypt,4,95,"The relationship between the father and his four children is tense, as he is constantly staying up late and spending his money on his own pleasure, while his children accumulate a tense relationship, and a clear lack of understanding, due to their different personal, behavioral and cultural nature. The son, Tawfiq, revolts against his father's behavior after he knew his relationship with the Ghanaian woman, if not, and he tries to spoil this relationship so that his father's wealth does not perish for her, but he falls in love with her and threatens the two to end this relationship."
214,1996,Egypt,4,94,"She had the musicality of Ella Fitzgerald, the public presence of Eleanor Roosevelt, and the audience of Elvis Presley. Her name was Umm Kulthum, and she became a powerful symbol, first of"
215,2010,Egypt,3.65,171,"The story of the struggle of two girls who face several events in an interesting dramatic context, as the film discusses intellectual, emotional and social issues of women through a group of spinster women and how they confront society with the issue of their delay in marriage."
216,2003,Egypt,3.45,322,"(Qadri Al-Minyawi) becomes Minister of Youth and Sports, and a girl from Denmark visits Egypt for the sake of cultural exchange between the two countries."
217,1988,Egypt,4.05,87,"The events of the film revolve around the cinematographer Ramy Kashoua, who begins to achieve success in cinema through the texts he writes, but his bad luck puts him in an unenviable dilemma when one of his texts that he finished writing falls into the hands of an obsessed writer on the typewriter, who He executes verbatim all the robbery and murder that happens in the scenario, and the journalist Sawsan cooperates with him in order to inflict it on him."
218,2013,Egypt,3.85,114,"The events of the film revolve around Hussein (Khaled Abul Naga), the owner of an engineering consultancy office, who imposes a frame of isolation on himself in his home, trying to protect this insulating frame in a rude way with all around him, so that his older sister Nadera (Lebleba) resides with her grandson With him at his home after Hussain reluctantly agreed, which helps change many details in his lifestyle."
219,1985,Egypt,3.95,97,"Mansour (Mahmoud Abdel Aziz) is sentenced to death by hanging for communicating with the Israeli entity before the October War, and intelligence officer Mohi (Farid Shawqi) is assigned to investigate the matter. Where he decides to develop a plan to replace the Egyptian officer Ezz El-Din instead of Mansour, the `` spy '', taking advantage of the great similarity between them so that he can obtain important information and secrets about the Dimona reactor, and Ezz El-Din begins coexistence as Mansour among his family and clan, until Sahar (Bossi) becomes suspicious."
220,2011,Egypt,3.65,161,"Bashir is a young Egyptian man who has lived a long part of his life in Africa, returns to Egypt, and has a friendship with Bebo, and then they discover that they are sharing housing without knowing in one apartment."
221,1985,Egypt,3.7,143,"The wealthy Naim decides to marry again from his divorcee, Nahid, and finds his misfortune in the simple employee Mamdouh to be an analyst since he divorced her three times, and Nahid decides to teach Naeem a lesson, so she agrees with Mamdouh on her disappearance, provided that she determines the date of the divorce, and Naim is anxious because his property is in the name of Nahed, and events escalate."
222,2014,Egypt,3.55,205,"The events of 'The Factory Girl' revolve around Hiam, a twenty-one-year-old girl who works like other girls in her poor neighborhood in a clothing factory. Its archaic and cruel traditions."
223,1979,Egypt,3.75,129,"In a social comic context, the movie revolves around a honeymoon couple who lives in a furnished apartment, but it is not like any other apartment, where they encounter strange neighbors who share that apartment illegally, and many comic ironies fall inside this building, especially their apartment."
224,1980,Egypt,3.8,118,"Ahmed Saad, one of the big businessmen who has many women's relationships and justifies his children, the reason for this is that his wife Fahima neglects herself and does not try to decorate for him and only takes care of her home. Ahmed gets to know the artist Suzy and he lavishes her money and promises her marriage. He knows his son Zaki, who is a famous football player. Basem Zizou this subject sacrifices himself and marries her in order to ensure the stability of the house and abandons his fiancée completely."
225,1979,Egypt,3.8,118,"The townspeople agree to buy a plow, and collect money and assign the most skilled young people to Rajab to go to Cairo to buy the plow. Once he arrives in Cairo, he is met by the professional pickpocket Bulbul who specializes in catching inmates from the countryside to trick them. Plow money stole and take back money at any cost."
226,2012,Egypt,3.5,238,"(Omar) continues his reckless behavior, and decides to work as a popular singer, so she refuses (Salma), and decides to remove him, then (Omar) punishes her by claiming he has engaged to another girl, and likewise (Salma) is linked to another young man, so he is forced to agree with a gang to kidnap their two daughters to pressure her to return to him once Another, but surprisingly, someone else intervened to make the gang kidnap girls."
227,2004,Egypt,3.4,360,"(Salma) decides to leave her mother's house after her death, as she does not want to live with her mother's husband (Rabee), and Salma is surprised that there are mysterious letters that reach her, so she returns to Shubra, and regains her friendship with her two colleagues since childhood, namely: (Yusriya) who is married, and (Duha) The fiancée is from her colleague, the owner of the computer writing store, (Tariq), and the three of them recall the memories."
228,1997,Egypt,3.75,128,"In the twelfth century AD in Andalusia, and during the reign of the caliph (Abu Jaafar al-Mansur), the philosopher (Ibn Rushd) became in the battlefield with the political authority represented by the caliph who was a friend to him in the past and became his feelings of hostility, and with the extreme religious authority that It succeeds in recruiting Ibn Al-Mansour the Younger into its ranks."
229,1989,Egypt,3.95,93,"The events of the film revolve around a young man working in the port of Alexandria, and he marries his beautiful girlfriend Dor, whom a high-ranking official in the Socialist Union desires. His punishment in order to take revenge on those who wronged him."
230,1972,Egypt,4,87,"The events of the film take place before the defeat in 1967, when the journalist (Yusuf) works diligently to conduct a journalistic investigation related to the thefts that occur in the public sector. Time works (Bahia) a seamstress residing in the (Hussein) neighborhood in order to provide a good living for her university student daughter, and at the same time she rents out rooms to a number of people who belong to different segments of the Egyptian people."
231,2004,Egypt,3.35,474,"Sultan feels desperate to realize his dream of marrying his sweetheart Samia, whose father gave him one month to prepare the marital home, so Samia gets to know her aunt Dabbash's husband, who involves him in his thefts to help him, but he gets him into trouble because of his extreme stupidity."
232,1974,Egypt,3.95,92,"Aida suffers from her husband, Tawfiq, who tries to delude her that she is crazy. Frequent to Dr. Zuhdi psychologist."
233,1957,Egypt,4.05,81,"(Ibn Hamido) and (Hassan) work in the police corps, and they come to Suez in order to thwart a major drug operation in which Al-Baz Effendi is involved, and they fall in love with the daughters of Master Hanafi, Sheikh of the fishermen."
234,1999,Egypt,3.55,197,"Mahrous is a simple person who has an old relationship with the minister, as they both belong to the same village, so he is recruited in the minister's office, but Mahrous causes a lot of trouble to the minister, whether in his office or in his home, both of them fall in love with a woman other than his wife and both of them marry her."
235,1987,Egypt,3.6,172,"The work revolves around two friends, Marzouq and Barakat, who work with the street vendor, a duck, on her cart in the melon trade."
236,2002,Egypt,3.55,196,"(Jad) and (Osama), two friends and neighbors since childhood, are on loan to one of the Gulf countries, but one of them must stay to take care of the parents so (Gad) travels and (Osama), and after five years (Gad) returns on a short vacation to try (Osama) He was prevented from traveling again as part of a set of comedic situations that happen to them."
237,2012,Egypt,3.7,136,"The story of the film revolves around two people who are always haunted by misfortune, the first of which is Nour (Ayten Amer), a reporter for a news channel; Which always encounters great misfortune in her work, and is exposed to many dilemmas in every report assigned to him, and the second is (Sameh Hussein) that young man who is exposed to many problems and bad situations, but there are some surprises that suddenly change his life for the better."
238,1968,Egypt,4.1,75,"Ismail is a doctor in the eyes of the Sayyida Zeinab neighborhood, and he has a clinic in the same neighborhood. After a period of practicing the profession, he discovered that the reason for the increase in the period of illness among the people of the neighborhood is their use of mosque lamp oil, when he tried to educate the people of the neighborhood, and they turned against him because they believed that he attacks their religious beliefs, so he finds nothing but a mixture Between science and beliefs."
239,2011,Egypt,3.45,267,"The film revolves around a romantic comedy framework, where Ahmed Ezz embodies the character of a young man called Hady, who has multiple relationships and refuses to marry until he encounters a gentle girl, Nessma (Donia Samir Ghanem) who occupies his heart and tries to please her."
240,2008,Egypt,3.3,617,"Pastor (Paul) is exposed to an assassination attempt, so the government makes him impersonate (Sheikh Hassan), and at the same time members of a terrorist group try to kill (Sheikh Mahmoud) after he refused to submit to the attempt to include him in their organization, so the government decides to protect him as well by impersonating (a discotheque), and a series of Comic situations after their meeting with their invented personalities."
241,2019,Egypt,3.6,163,"The second part continues what the first part ended in the tales of Hatshepsut in the Pharaonic era, and Ali al-Zeebak during the Ottoman era, and Bishr al-Katatni, the head of the political pen who faces new challenges in work and love, and tries to point his son Hassan on the road to a treasure that he tells about through his recorded will."
242,2007,Egypt,3.5,215,"A writer from a wealthy family decides to become a writer and tries to search for himself and decides to travel to Al-Ajami in Alexandria, and there he meets a poor, messy young man from Al-Ajami who has no family, friends, or even a stable residence, and he moves from one profession to another, and when the two young men meet, a clash occurs between them as a result of a difference. Social and cultural conditions."
243,1956,Egypt,4,82,"The Shawish Khamis, who works in the Coast Guard, succeeds in aborting a drug smuggling operation, so the smuggling gang tries to buy his integrity in order to facilitate things for them, but he in turn refuses, so they resort to a plan to kill him in order to remove him from their way, but they fail and kill his wife by mistake, to escalate events."
244,1982,Egypt,3.95,86,"(Yusef Shaheen) continues in this film about his biography under the name (Yahya Shukri Murad), as he is exposed in this film and during his filming of (The Bird) to a heart attack that requires surgical intervention, and during his treatment journey, the proceedings of a trial take place inside his chest in which (Yahya) stands Whether the director, or the young child, is the opponents 'position, and during this imagined trial, we remember with (Yahya) many memories of his past with his family, his adolescence, his cinematic beginnings, and a story that he knew about the girl who later became his wife."
245,2018,Egypt,3.6,154,"The events revolve around a comic about a gang leader named (Magdy Takhtoukh) who enters into a fight and is subsequently injured. He is transferred to hospital in a serious condition, where he needs a heart transplant, and at the same time, the young man's mother (Yunus) dies."
246,2005,Egypt,3.35,374,"The story revolves around Timur, a student at the Institute of Music, who is romantically linked to his colleague (Nawal), and seeks to marry her, but Nawal's mother believes in witchcraft and sorcery, so Timur uses a synthetic mask to represent the character of the witch (Aunt Nousa) so that he can obtain her approval and blessings for their association. Will succeed?"
247,1969,Egypt,3.85,94,"Dr. (Hosni) is a dentist. The nurse (Fatima) works for him and organizes his clinic for him and takes care of his various affairs. He decides to marry Dalia, the owner of the flower shop that she loves, but she hates lying so much that she leaves Hosni because he does not want to marry her, she tries ( Dalia commits suicide and sends a telegram to Hosni, but her neighbor (Sameh) saves her."
248,1974,Egypt,4.05,72,"As the war of attrition with Israel reaches its most intense, and while Magdy fights his war on the front line, his journalist fiancé wages a relentless war against the utilitarian editor, whose true metal is later discovered."
249,1955,Egypt,3.95,81,A poor girl lives on the rooftops next to three poor young men who all fall in love with her and discover that she is under the weight of a disease that requires surgery. Everyone is rushing to help her to get the surgery. See who will help her?
250,1982,Egypt,3.65,131,The events revolve around the football player (Shehata Abu Kaf) who is a professional football player in Zamalek club and he is a resident of Upper Egypt. Events.
251,1998,Egypt,3.45,223,"In 1807, the notables of the city of Rashid decided to send a letter to the governor of Egypt, Muhammad Ali, to join the sending of supplies and armies to save the besieged city, and the choice rests on Harfoush, who can penetrate the siege of the British armies. Harfoush goes and on the way he meets Hakim, who takes him to the twentieth century, and finds himself in a contradictory world where modern Cairo is, and he is arrested like a madman. Nurse Inas sympathizes with him and takes him to her home after knowing his truth."
252,1980,Egypt,3.95,80,"Farida yields to her father's pressure and marries the great businessman Osama despite her love for Dr. Ibrahim, and lives a miserable life with him in Paris. Ibrahim succeeds in his job and becomes a great doctor, while Farida gets divorced and returns to Egypt, but a great tragedy occurs."
253,2003,Egypt,3.55,164,"The driver (Saber al-Tayyib) reads the text of the constitutional article stating that every citizen has the right to a part of the public property, so he raises a case demanding his right to public money, and that he gets an apartment in which he marries, the matter spreads, and everyone begins to demand the sale of the homeland, sending him powers of attorney to Sell their right back home."
254,1944,Egypt,4.1,67,"Soheir Sultan, a famous singer, decided to retire from art in order to marry her lover Wahid Ezzat, but unfortunately, Wahid dies with a fatal bullet before his wedding to Soheir, and he learns later that musician Jamal Hamdy is the main suspect in committing the crime."
255,2010,Egypt,3.6,144,"A great political thinker and writer, married to a woman amazed with power and money, circumstances combine him with a former police officer, and he hires him to write a new book."
256,2002,Egypt,3.75,106,"Three friends live in Maadi, and they decide to set up a television station that reveals the faults of the community, and unintentionally filming a murder orchestrated by a high-level gang, chased by the gang, they continue to flee."
257,1945,Egypt,4.05,70,"The events of the film take place in Cairo during the events of World War II, where (Hamed) and (Najia) agree to marry, while (Syed) convinces Najia's father to trade in the black market and exploit the conditions of war, but Hamed confronts them, so Najia's father decides to take revenge on him, and insists On her marriage to Sid."
258,2016,Egypt,3.45,217,"The events of the film revolve around a comic about hiring a special forces band to rescue the Egyptian ambassador to India after his kidnapping, but the surprise occurs when the film's hero discovers that those summoned for this mission are not members of a special forces band, but rather a musical band."
259,2009,Egypt,3.4,262,Film One Zero detects what happens behind the scenes of figures and models present in the Egyptian society from the problems and disturbances of each character against the background of a fateful football match.
260,1989,Egypt,3.8,95,"Faraj Al-Aktaa colludes with the Israeli enemy to get rid of the resistance men in Suez. Hassan Ezz, the only surviving man, is accused of betraying the group and stealing money and he is sentenced to prison. The resistance leader's daughter searches for her father's killer, and Hassan is released from prison to take revenge."
261,2013,Egypt,3.55,156,"The film revolves around Tetah (Mohamed Saad); The poor man who lives in one of Abdeen neighborhoods, and who gets to know a beautiful girl via the internet (Dolly Shaheen) with the help of his nephew (Omar Mustafa Metwally) who lives with him, life begins to change completely when this girl is kidnapped by unknown persons"
262,1969,Egypt,3.8,94,"Student Adel quarrels with his sweetheart, Amal, to travel to Alexandria to spend the summer vacation, and there he meets the dancer Firdaus and falls into her window and lives with her in the same apartment, and after his news is interrupted, his father goes to Alexandria in search of his son."
263,1961,Egypt,3.9,81,"Ahmed Al-Mudarris moves to live in an apartment owned by Abbas, the greedy butcher, a bold tongue. Ahmed falls in love with Abbas's sister, Azizah, and Ahmed succeeds in winning the trust of the butcher, so he marries him from his sister, but after marriage she insists on her husband in order for Abbas to demand her share of the inheritance, so that disputes arise between them."
264,1961,Egypt,3.9,81,The film tells the story of Seif al-Din Qutuz (Mahmoud) since the Tatars invaded his country and fled and his cousin Jihad with the servant Salama and sold them in the slave market to save them from chasing the Tatars until he became a soldier at Izz al-Din Aybak and his encounter with jihad and his arrival to rule Egypt and his fight against the Tatars and his overwhelming victory over them.
265,1959,Egypt,4.05,67,"Three students: Adel, Hassanein, and Samir, each of them has a problem. Adel loves his neighbor Siham, but her father refuses to marry him from her, and his father expels him from the house. As for Hassanein, his uncle comes to him from Upper Egypt to remind him of the importance of taking revenge on those who killed his father, and Samir suffers from neglect His parents are to him, after they separated, and each of them married another party."
266,2013,Egypt,3.7,109,"A social human drama through the lives of two men (Fathi) and (Salah). Fathi loses his mind due to the harsh conditions of life and the injustice that stabs him from every direction. As for Salah, a mean man loses his eye in a quarrel."
267,1972,Egypt,3.8,90,"After the death of her husband, Mona (Faten Hamama) bears the responsibility for raising her six children besides her work in the Ministry of Education, and as the children grow their problems increase, and the burdens of their mother in education increase with her, especially with the arrival of most of them into their adolescence, and the relationship between her and them becomes tense, and at the same time, it occurs (Mona) Gradually in a love story with businessman Ahmed Raafat (Ahmed Mazhar), but she does not easily give in to her feelings because of her confusion between devoting her children to her, and thinking about her future with (Ahmed)."
268,1978,Egypt,4.05,63,"The ruling authorities summon tens of thousands of young men to work in forced labor in the Suez Canal, and Metwally leaves his sister's sister alone with the old grandfather, and Shafiqa is forced to accept the temptations of the son of the Sheikh of the country Diab, and the town discovers the sinister relationship between them, and the grandfather forces her to leave with the pimp Hanadi to Assiut, and she becomes a lover Tarabishi is a supplier of slaves."
269,1996,Egypt,3.45,182,"A mysterious phenomenon is spreading in the city where men become impotent due to the increase in public and private frustrations. Colonel (Magdy) follows the events from the reality of his work in the police, and an active journalist joins him, but they are faced with an attempt to cover up officials and official denials, so that they continue to try, so will they succeed?"
270,2017,Egypt,3.65,110,"(Shams Nour El-Din) is an employee in an Egyptian bank, and she wants to be a mother, so she always thinks about having children, but at the same time she categorically refuses to marry, and therefore she tries hard to search for someone who fulfills her dream of having children without entering the traditional and usual paths, and finds her way The desired thing is in a veterinarian named (Bahjat Abu Al-Saad)."
271,1988,Egypt,3.95,69,"Aisha, a widow, whose husband died and left her five children, Sanaa, Suad, Lamia, Asma, and the youngest, Nour, the eldest daughter Sana. She married Orabi al-Najjar and they settled in the humble family home."
272,2003,Egypt,3.4,212,"Himma works in the Electricity Authority, he is surprised by the appearance of his brother, who knows nothing about him except after the death of their mother, and when he learns that he is a graduate of the Faculty of Fine Arts and due to his need for a clever talent in drawing, he declares his desire to steal an expensive painting and makes Fateen paint him an exact copy of the picture Native Americans to be smuggled into Thailand."
273,2018,Egypt,3.65,108,"The events of the film revolve around the young man (Ismail) who works in a beauty center, and by chance discovers that one of the advertising directors is looking for a new face, then he turns himself to a girl in order to present the advertisement, and he actually succeeds in that before his matter is revealed and is exposed to many comic situations, such as harassment and other The suffering that women face in our society."
274,2008,Egypt,3.35,252,"The leader of the gang (Al-Sahrawi) decides to get rid of one of his old men (Yusef) after he had cancer and took some of the money belonging to the gang, so he assigns (Adel) to eliminate him. The wind comes in something the Sahrawi does not desire, so Joseph and Adel get to know each other and they love each other, and Joseph takes from Adel as his friend."
275,2009,Egypt,3.35,250,"Youssef, a student at the College of Fine Arts, responded to the call of talent and love of drawing against the wishes of the family, who dreamed of joining the College of Medicine. Over the course of his studies at the College of Fine Arts, his personality completely changes and a clash occurs between people's religious ideas about the arts, especially sculpture and painting, strict religious theory and his talent as an artist."
276,2008,Egypt,3.3,320,"Fawzi (Mohamed Heneidy) is a struggling young man who wants to become a famous singer, but his bad luck stands before him. He suddenly discovers that he has a twin brother (Fawaz), a rich Gulf man who lives in (Dubai), and after his mother's death he decides to travel to Dubai to meet him, and asks for his help In the realization of his dream, but (Fawaz) refuses to acknowledge it, and events follow after that, so (Fawaz) becomes ill, and (Fawzi) is forced to take his place until his business goes on and no one notices anything."
277,1954,Egypt,3.9,70,"A thug called a monster in one of the Upper Egypt villages, feared by everyone, including the police, enjoys the protection of Radwan Pasha, who in turn uses him to protect him in the elections and get rid of his rivals. A new officer is sent to the village with his son and wife tasked with the mission to capture the monster."
278,2015,Egypt,3.7,94,"In a form of comedy and excitement, the poor young Hamada Al-Far (Muhammad Farraj), who works as a cleaner at Al-Ahram Foundation, is engaged in a frantic struggle with the Minister of Interior (Mahmoud Hamida) with all the power that he possesses, as (Hamada) tries to reach the body of his poor mother Altaf, who died in the house of a minister The Ministry of Interior has a relationship with the Minister of the Interior, as each of them believes that he is more entitled to hold a funeral for her."
279,1958,Egypt,3.9,69,"The work deals with the life story of the Algerian fighter (Jamila Bouhraid) who contributed to resisting the French occupation of Algeria, where she sees the torture and killing of her colleague (Amina) in the school, who was part of an organization to resist the occupation, so Jamila decides to continue the struggle, and the events escalate."
280,2005,Egypt,3.25,424,"The film revolves around the six Umm Sid, the simple woman who works as a taxi driver to face the burdens of life and at the same time loves the Al-Ahly club madly and takes care of her son Sayed, who faces several problems at the university and with his father's deceased brother."
281,1951,Egypt,3.9,67,"The events of the film revolve around Hamdan, a young rural man who does not bear responsibility, exploits Zubeida's love for him and assaults her, so his older brother forces him to marry her, after a while he leaves her and goes to Cairo and begins to think that his wife has died, so he works in a casino with drug dealers, while he is ignorant of his work He is arrested and imprisoned, but he learns the lesson from his journey."
282,2019,Egypt,3.25,393,"Through an exciting teaser framework about a love story between a young man from the popular class and a deaf-mute girl, life circumstances lead them to enter a world of suspicious operations, but they suffer a painful accident and are transferred to the hospital, to begin to face the worst nightmare in their lives, and spend terrifying times between The sides of this hospital."
283,2014,Egypt,3.6,106,"Maha (Houria Farghali), who has always loved cinema, and as an interior designer has become an expert in creating imaginary worlds, under intense pressure at work, she sees another life appearing on the horizon, and finds herself moving between two worlds represented by Sharif (Khaled Abul Naga) and Mustafa (Majid Al Kadwani); One is the movie décor spec you're working on, and the other is supposed to be reality."
284,1984,Egypt,3.85,69,"(Muhammad Al-Asyouti) is a timber merchant who lives with his wife (Karima) and his three daughters, and (Safaa) marries (Samir), and (Madiha) is from (Essawi) the failed artist, and (Hoda) gets engaged to (Ikrami), everyone lives dependent on the father In the same house, every newlywed is competing to consume all the resources of the house, and Karima feels the symptoms of pregnancy, so the father is happy and wishes to have a child to inherit his business, and this pregnancy causes a lot of trouble to the husbands."
285,1962,Egypt,4,57,"The events revolve around the fierce girl (Amira) who hates men, as she refused all those who proposed to marry her, and her grandfather swore not to marry her younger sister until she got married, the doctor (Hassan) who was transferred to work in the countryside, and a quarrel between them happened, escalated events."
286,1957,Egypt,3.95,60,"Nadia Lotfi is a girl who lives under her father after his divorce from her mother, and when she reaches the age of majority, her father marries another woman, and her heart is filled with jealousy of her, and she decides to take revenge on her."
287,1985,Egypt,3.85,68,"(Sanusi) is an engineer and married to (Sabreen), they live in Upper Egypt. Senussi conducts research to improve the specifications of the loaf of bread, and decides to travel to the capital with his wife, to meet with the Minister of Supply."
288,2012,Egypt,3.6,101,"The life of a photojournalist is turned upside down after he watches a murder and filmed it, and he finds himself involved in it and pointed to the finger of accusation, trying to prove his innocence."
289,1991,Egypt,3.6,101,"Widow Wafa lives with her only teenage daughter, Salma and Azza, her husband's sister, in a secluded desert house. Hassan, a graduate of prisons and fellow engineer Kamel, Wafa's late husband, arrives in his cell to offer his help to the three women and after hesitation they agree to stay with them, but they fall in love with him and each compete to win with it."
290,1952,Egypt,3.95,59,"The film revolves around Sherif, who is treated by a neuropsychiatrist, who uses his illness to commit a murder under hypnosis."
291,1995,Egypt,3.8,71,"On New Year's Eve, the taxi driver master tries by various means to provide 200 pounds in expenses for a necessary surgery for his mother-in-law who takes care of his only mentally handicapped son, and on the same night the repentant nymph of a prostitute tries to get the necessary amount to waste the house in which she lives, and when they both meet, they testify to An unforgettable night full of events."
292,2009,Egypt,3.25,328,The events of the film revolve around a broadcaster interested in women's issues and society's view of her. She is married at the same time and was suffering from many problems in her home and with her husband. She used to have many disputes between them because of the topics that she presented to the audience.
293,2009,Egypt,3.25,320,"A young, reckless prince studies at the Naval Academy, to become a captain and loves his neighbor Salwa, the daughter of the director of the Academy, who considers him a brother to it, and many ironies occur between tug of war until they are kidnapped by pirates at sea, and the events follow."
294,1986,Egypt,3.95,57,"In a new story from the tales of the Harafish saga, an unjust fatwa takes over the affairs of the neighborhood, who imprisoned his brother unjustly without his permission, to arrest him, torture him, and then imprison him, and while he is in prison his wife prepares for a revolution by the poor to destroy this corrupt system and remove the effects of tyranny on Warm, will you succeed?"
295,1964,Egypt,3.95,57,"The story revolves around (Elham and Salwa), two engineers in chemistry, who were assigned to an oil company in (Cairo), but they seek to work in the desert with the aim of exploring new oil wells, but the company only sends men there. The company asks engineers from Men, the two engineers travel to the desert after they applied to work as two men, due to the company's system of accepting men's travel only on these missions. They get to know their colleagues at work in the desert, and they live with them as two men."
296,2016,Egypt,3.45,137,"The events of the film take place in an exciting thrilling framework, about the world of electronic piracy and its secrets, with the many and varied operations associated with it, whether on social networking sites or various technical forums and others, through (Youssef) a skilled engineering student who carries out piracy operations that raise a lot of confusion"
297,1956,Egypt,3.85,64,"Alia seeks independence with her life and a sense of her maturity as a woman, and she has found no way for that except to accept marriage to a dear family friend, who is at the age of her father, but discovers that she has been associated with an authoritarian and jealous man to the point of illness, who only deals with her with cruelty and strength to obey his orders. But she is strong and intellectually mature and becomes more aware of the facts and traumas of life, until she meets a young doctor who falls in love with her and takes her out of her husband's prison after a terrible accident."
298,2007,Egypt,3.35,190,"The events revolve around (Mohsen) who suffers from autism, and he spoke between him and his older brother (Karim) many situations after the death of their parents."
299,2015,Egypt,3.5,115,"Zeina wakes from a fainting state to find herself blind, and does not remember anything, to end up with (Ahmed) on his boat, who enters a frantic chase with (Rasheed), and after sitting alone in one of the boat rooms, she tries to retrieve all What happened to her through her recordings, including details of the love triangle that she herself was a side of."
300,2011,Egypt,3.45,129,"Joudeh suffers from the difficult living conditions and social conditions that the Egyptian people as a whole suffer from, especially slum dwellers such as high prices, electricity and water cuts, so he is forced to work for a parliament member who exploits him for his purposes and corruption, and implicates himself in several problems, trying to prove his innocence from them But fate was looking out for him."
301,1993,Egypt,4,51,"Four friends, the first is Ahmed, who loves a girl he has seen once, and the second is Sayed, who works in a research laboratory and steals experimental animals to increase his income, but his affair is exposed and he is expelled from his work, and the third is Abbas, who is married to Nadia, who does not like him, and the fourth is Ali Bobby, who abandoned the neighborhood For illegal acts."
302,1963,Egypt,4,51,"During 1942, Nadia Burhan Sadiq lives with her mother in Alexandria, and Fawzia lives with her husband Shakir, whom she married without the family's will, and she gets acquainted with Salah Muharram and they agree to marry, and on the day of trying the dress, the sister dies as a result of the Germans bombing the city, and Nadia suffers from memory loss, and tries Fawzia's husband misleads Nadia that she is Fawzia, that Nadia is the one who died."
303,1967,Egypt,3.8,65,"In a social context, events take place; Where the famous star (Soheir) falls in love with the obscure actor (Ibrahim) and they decide to marry, but the director of the group who loves Suheir tries to plan for them, so he brings a woman who claims to be Ibrahim's wife, so Suheir decides to move away from Ibrahim and lose her artistic fame, while his star rises and becomes a singer"
304,1953,Egypt,3.8,65,"The events of the film revolve around the child Dahab, who gives birth to Mounir Bey's maid after he secretly married her behind his wife, and after trying to get rid of the newborn child, the poor musician Wahid Alfonso (Anwar Wagdy) finds her and the girl pledges care and love until she grows up and works with him on their many concerts As soon as the gates of fame are opened in front of them, fate reveals to Dahab what was hidden from it all these years."
305,1977,Egypt,3.95,53,"Naama resides with her older sister and her family consisting of her husband Abdul Majeed and their nine children, and as a result of their difficult living conditions, Abdul Majeed accepts the marriage of Nehmeh from the teacher al-Battawi, to refuse Naama and flee to Mansoura, and in the meantime Al-Battawi marries her with forged papers presented by Abdul Majeed, to escalate events."
306,1957,Egypt,3.9,56,"(Tamr Hannah) is a Roma girl who dances in moulids and enjoys a great deal of beauty and lightness, but she belongs to a poor class where her destiny is linked to (Hassan) who works in the popular moulids, and at the same time he admires her (Ahmed), the son of the wealthy mayor, and tries in various ways to bring her closer. To him, he lies to his father, saying that she is the daughter of Pasha Ghani until he succeeds in winning his bet with his father, but things proceed unexpectedly."
307,2013,Egypt,3.3,210,"The film discusses the world of crime away from traditional conflicts, where the events revolve around a child who is kidnapped, and who grows up in the backstage of a circus where he lives among lions and tigers; This leads to the formation of a solid personality from the outside that is filled with good from the inside, but his upbringing always forces him to appear to society in a different way so that he can live and survive."
308,1984,Egypt,3.45,124,"(Maysa) is a delegate of one of the advertising agencies, who is entering into a competition with another agency, which is the Oscar agency that (Salah Fouad) works for, and each of them is trying to win advertising campaigns by illegal means. Salah Fouad) from Dr. (Ayoub) to invent for him any material with this name to market it. Maysa goes to Dr. (Ayoub's) lab, and meets (Fouad) as Dr. (Ayoub) and they fall in love."
309,2010,Egypt,3.45,121,(Maysa) and (Menna) are two sisters who play violin and cello in the Cairo Symphony Orchestra. They are accused in the murder of the young musician (Hassan Ragheb). Both of them had their reasons for killing Hassan Ragheb.
310,2011,Egypt,3.5,106,"Tohamy Pasha, a film producer, tries to think of a way to get away with taxes, and Wadih proposes an idea outside the box: to produce a failed movie that the audience will not accept."
311,2019,Egypt,3.65,78,"The events revolve around (Tabl), a person who decided to leave his rich family and his luxurious life, to live a completely bohemian life among a number of marginalized people, until he dies, and while his daughter seeks to give him a decent family funeral, his friends steal the body in preparation for his farewell in their own way."
312,1985,Egypt,3.45,118,"(Fatima) from (the United States of America) returns to work in a research center after obtaining her doctorate from there. She meets (Jalal), who tells her that he is a tourist expert, but she sees him in her room, and after a while he tells her that he is from the jinn, and that he loves her very much, and he warns her against She marries (Osama), and tries to find a solution to the problem that she fell into, and that her fiancé avoids any harm that (Jalal) might do, and events escalate."
313,2015,Egypt,3.55,92,"Sukkar Murr tells the story of many characters who may change from extreme to opposite unexpectedly due to certain events that they may go through, and others do not change no matter how they go through circumstances that may break them. There are relationships that seem ideal from the outside, but this idealism may be the reason for its incompleteness, and others that may seem from the outside impossible, but they continue for unreasonable reasons, and the events of the movie take place during 5 years of political and social turmoil, reflected in emotional relationships that were supposed to end with happiness"
314,2015,Egypt,3.55,91,"Rahim Adham (Aser Yassin) is a young boxer who lives in a popular neighborhood with his elderly father, the imam of the mosque (Mahmoud Hamida), and loves Mai (Yasmine Rais) and intends to marry her, and as soon as Hanash (Walid Fawaz) learns about what is going on between Rahim and Mai from meetings through Taha ( Sherif Ramzy) who competes with Rahim for May's love, Rahim and his father's life turns into a living hell on Earth, especially as secrets from the past are revealed."
315,2005,Lebanon,3.15,556,"A Lebanese film about the Lebanese Dabkeh dance performed by a group of young dancers who present a new type of dance, which is my father. G."
316,1958,Egypt,3.8,59,"(Sawsan) is an average orphan girl. She gets acquainted with (Adel) the wealthy young man in an auction hall, so he admires her and tries to woo her and when he fails, he decides to marry her. Marriage takes place, and the spouses travel to spend their honeymoon, but after their return from travel, Adel returns to spend his time on his evenings and whims with bad companions who are terrified by the presence of (Sawsan)."
317,2009,Egypt,3.35,152,"Ali is a twenty-year-old man, an amateur pigeon hunter, whose relationships and vision of life are developing, reaching forty, which changes his view of everything he lives in life, from his marital relationship to all of his human relationships."
318,2013,Egypt,3.3,184,"In the manner of (what if?), The movie tells about a world dominated by women and where men entertain women. In a comic framework, the film deals with the form of special relationships between men and women in reverse, where the man is always oppressed and oppressed, and the woman is oppressive and bossy, and she uses the man as a means of pleasure only."
319,2016,Egypt,3.4,128,"The events of the movie revolve around two brothers joined together (Ali Rabie) and (Karim Fahmy), with whom many comic situations happen, and their cousin (Muhammad Osama) gets involved with them and their problems."
320,1989,Egypt,3.65,73,"Rida, a taxi driver, delivers Iman, the wealthy widow, who is returning from abroad, and trusts him, so that he can take her on all her travels, and he tries to help her smuggle her lover, the engineer, Hassan, who is detained in a mental hospital."
321,1984,Egypt,3.5,96,"After troubles with the dancer who worked with him for several months, the drummer discovers the joys of a young dancer in a moulid who lives with her sister, Saber's wife, and he agrees to train her and turn her into a famous dancer to dance to his highly skilled rhythm. Thousands of pounds in the event of her separation from him artistically, joys on the path of fame to become one of the most famous dancers."
322,1980,Egypt,3.55,86,"Ramzi works as a servant in a hotel and supports his family, and as a result of the increasing financial burdens on him, he resorts to stealing money from one of the hotel customers and fleeing there, and when he is pursued by the police, he hides in a restaurant and decides to stay with him until the situation calms down. After a while, he discovers the intention of the restaurant owner's wife and her plans to get rid of her husband."
323,2006,Egypt,3.3,176,"Mahmoud is a professor of acting, he has no friends and does not know of life except for teaching and at home, a change of character occurs when he discovers his wife's betrayal with a younger man, and he gets acquainted with a young actress and enters his life and tries to make him live another new stage on him."
324,2010,Egypt,3.2,303,"Al-Lambi (Mohamed Saad) is a poor lawyer who marries (Mai Ezz El-Din) school and causes his wife to face many problems and harassment, and due to his bad financial conditions that are not commensurate with the current prices. He is also exposed to an accident that changes his life, and turns into a successful lawyer."
325,2001,Egypt,3.3,175,"(Hazem) is a careless young man, he failed to be a good husband, and he failed to become a good father, but his life begins to return to the right path after (Yasmine) enters his life, they face many problems together at the beginning of their relationship, but love imposes its word in the end"
326,1993,Egypt,3.65,70,"Narges is preparing to immigrate to America to join her children, but she loses her passport hours before travel, and she must find it in the places she went to, or with the people she met. Meanwhile, she meets an eccentric wizard who roams the city's theme parks, and is exposed to many events that change her travel perspective."
327,2015,Egypt,3.3,172,"In a kinetic framework, the movie revolves around the police officer Omar Al-Attar (Muhammad Ramadan) who is exposed to a situation that turns his professional and personal life upside down, when his wife Aya (Donia Samir Ghanem) is killed by a gang, and he seeks revenge for her, which is what enters him. In a series of cascading troubles with his superiors, he becomes chased by the security forces."
328,2004,Egypt,3.15,442,"The film revolves around a comic about a young Egyptian named (Mohi El-Sharkawy), whose grandfather (Jaber Al-Sharqawi) and his uncles form a smuggling gang, and because he is a coward who cannot keep up with them and work with them, he goes to his mother and her husband, who sends him to China to represent Egypt in a cooking competition, to fall into many the problems."
329,2008,Egypt,3.15,437,"Haitham Dabour belongs to a wealthy family and cares about trivial matters, but he is exposed to what has changed in his life, which is his father entering prison on a false accusation, so Haitham tries to save his father, which leads him to transform from a trivial person to another serious, committed and seriously interacting with life, and Haitham falls in love with the souls of a daughter Its own driver."
330,1963,Egypt,3.7,63,"The geologist (Sami) goes to Luxor to continue the oil drilling operations. And it is prohibited on the basis that the area is used as a cemetery for Nile brides, Sami sees a beautiful girl dressed as a Nile bride called Hamis asking him to stop digging, and she told him that she is the daughter of Aton, the sun god and the last bride of the Nile, and that her father sent her to the ground to prevent violating the cemeteries of Nile brides."
331,2019,Egypt,3.35,137,"In the context of a romantic comedy, Omar marries his sweetheart, Nessma, despite her father's strong rejection of the order, and after the wedding ceremony ends, if some unknown men attack the bride's car, Omar asks his wife to run away, and during her escape a car accident occurs, and she is transferred to the hospital and after she wakes from the coma , Is severely traumatized, and she refuses to see her husband Omar because she does not feel safe in his company, so Omar is forced to go to a psychiatrist to help him solve the problem."
332,1994,Egypt,3.5,89,"In a desert on the borders of Egypt at a time immemorial, Ram raises the hatred of his brothers for the love of his father for him."
333,2018,United States of America,4,42,"Road trip about a middle-aged man named Beshay who grew up in a colony with leprosy. After the death of his wife, who was also affected by leprosy, he leaves this colony and goes with his Nubian friend Obama and his donkey on a journey across (Egypt) in an attempt to reconnect with his family again with the aim of reaching his village in the Qena governorate."
334,2018,Egypt,3.45,100,"After one of the clashes between a group of protesters and the security forces, one of the bodies arrives at the morgue, and the forensic doctor (Yassin Al-Manesterly) writes his medical report after examining the body stating that this dead person was shot at a close distance and not a far distance like the rest of the bodies, but the problems begin When this medical report is leaked to the media."
335,1984,Syria,4.15,36,"Abd al-Wadud is traveling between two countries, Gharbistan and Eastistan. As he passes through the area between the two countries, coincidence wants to lose his identity papers and his passport, and he cannot return to his home country or enter the other country. He is forced to camp in the area between the two countries, which straddles the border."
336,1984,Egypt,3.65,66,"The work revolves around the master teacher (Ferjani) who is assigned to be the supervisor of a school trip to the Cairo Zoo, and during the trip a girl disappears, to try to search for her everywhere, to prevent the renewal of conflict between families in Upper Egypt"
337,2005,Egypt,3.15,392,"The events of the film revolve around the (Board of the Morning) who comes from his village to travel to Cairo in search of the teacher (Mahrous Al-Dabaa) in order to obtain from him the inheritance he left with his father, but he must cooperate with the police to arrest one of the merchants involved in promoting spoiled meat, and his cooperation with the teacher (Sweets ) And her daughter (Katah)."
338,1981,Egypt,3.75,56,"Fares works as a driver in regional cars, and he is linked to an innocent love story with Ismat who works in a ready-to-wear store, and Ismail asks the private driver for the rich Gad that Faris drive the old car as Ismail feels exhausted, and Fares gets to know Fawzia, who he and her sick old husband Gad deliver to The farm he owns in Fayed, and he knows that Fawzia suffers from Jad, whom she married, fearing that her father might influence him, and soon a love story between them develops."
339,1957,Egypt,3.9,46,"(Farid) is forced to marry his cousin (Yasmina) after their uncle leaves them a great inheritance, provided that the two marry, and the two accept the marriage as a fictitious marriage, and they separate after receiving the inheritance, but during the honeymoon in Aswan they fall in love Each other."
340,1959,Egypt,3.8,52,"An eloquent is having fun in his father's lab, Attar, and he causes a goblin to appear, the demon burns leaving a powder that conceals what is on it."
341,2016,Egypt,3.45,96,"(Hesham) and (Hadi) who work in the same agency for announcements receive an invitation to spend a vacation in Marsa Alam in the tourist resort owned by (Sherihan), and (Hisham) accompanies his wife (Aisha), while (Hadiya) accompanies her husband (Adel) in This leave, and this leave more than ever before reveals the problems that the four of them face in their marriages."
342,2006,Egypt,3.25,188,"The film deals with the life story of the singing legend (Abdel Halim Hafez) in different periods of his life, dealing with many aspects of his private, artistic and emotional life since his early childhood."
343,1997,Egypt,3.25,185,"Bakhit and Adela get involved this time with a gang of drug traffickers who inspired them to help them reach the People's Assembly without knowing the truth of their goals, and they try to gain membership in the parliament amid fierce competition."
344,2020,Egypt,3.95,42,"The film presents the story of the Arab knight Muhammad bin Al-Qasim Al-Thaqafi, who freed many women and children from the families of the Indian Ocean pirates, and enters into a fierce war against King Dahir, who was sharing spoils with the pirates, with the help of his friend Ziyad and his mentor Abu Al-Aswad."
345,2018,Egypt,3.25,180,"Reda is a professional con artist who returns from Italy to steal an antique statue, and impersonates a businessman called (Sorour Abu al-Dahab). To steal the same representations."
346,2007,Egypt,3.3,145,"Houda claims that he has a special method, or he thinks he has a magic way to solve any problem that anyone faces, no matter what, until he discovers that everything is planned and planned by some people, and he only has to implement it and the funny events follow."
347,1967,Egypt,3.95,41,"As part of a comedic show, the events take place; Where (Amina) tried to become a member of a dance dance troupe, and while everyone tries to solve the troupe's material problems and present their first work at the Karnak Temple theater in Luxor, love links her with (Salah) the band's director and first dancer, but he thinks she loves another person, so he pretends"
348,1983,Egypt,3.6,66,"The work revolves around Morsi (Adel Imam), a poor history teacher, who is married and suffers from a financial crisis and has an ambition in life. He gets involved with an old classmate at the university (Salwa) by working with her as a pimp and is forced to marry her after her pregnancy, but a surprise occurs that changes the course of events."
349,2006,Egypt,3.2,225,"(Hisham Al-Buhairi) knows that his father deprived him of the inheritance, and donated all his wealth to his older brother, which drives him to orchestrate the murder of his brother to appear as a defense of honor, when (Hisham) kills his wife with his brother."
350,2017,Egypt,3.3,138,"After the dismissal of Muhammad Saleh (Muhammad Mamdouh) from the bank he works at due to his continuous violations of the rights of customers, he decides to ally with Amr (Akram Hosni), his colleague in the bank, and Zero (Muhammad Tharwat), their partner in the Playstation games store, in order to steal 15 million pounds from The bank he (Saleh) worked at."
351,2009,Egypt,3.2,217,"A young man who grows up alone is searching for himself and finds his way of disobeying his family and committing the crime since his inception, and time passes and his criminal capabilities and brutality in carrying out these crimes increase, then fate leads him to establish a love relationship with a beautiful girl, and tries to get money to establish a new life with his beloved through One last crime."
352,1984,Egypt,3.6,63,"Both (Hassanein) and (Barhuma) suffer from the tyranny of the teacher (Al-Hanash), and after a while Hassanein travels to work in Greece and there he is surprised by his lover (Aziza) and marries her after telling him that she has a baby as a result of their illegal relationship, on the other hand Al-Hanash recruits his aides in Greece to fight Hassanein"
353,2019,Egypt,3.7,53,"The film revolves around a romantic comic about Ibrahim, whose character is characterized by conservatism and fear of everything new, and his life is characterized by extreme routine .. And through an advertising campaign carried out by the company, Ibrahim and Dalia, his colleague, travel to film an advertising campaign called \ In making his son (Adam) love him, because he loves the husband of his ex-wife more than he does."
354,1947,Egypt,3.75,49,"The policemen are waiting at the station to arrest a smuggler girl. The daughter of Al-Basha Laila is in the same waiting train, and an unintentionally signal was issued from her that was supposed to come from the smuggling girl, causing a great misunderstanding."
355,2011,Egypt,3.35,110,The film revolves around three days in different years through the postal worker (Hassan) and the changes that he is exposed to during these different years in light of the political and social climate.
356,2017,Egypt,3.25,156,"Based on the novel of the journalist writer (Ibrahim Issa) of the same name, the film revolves around Sheikh (Hatem Al-Shennawi), who is one of the influential Islamic preachers through the media, who has close ties to politicians, and the impact of all this on his credibility in front of his audience, and on his personal life."
357,2010,Egypt,3.25,156,"The film deals with a group of different stories that all revolve over the course of one day in the Heliopolis area, between a filmmaker suffering from the separation of his sweetheart, two lovers preparing for marriage, a security soldier in his unit, and a young man planning to emigrate to join his family."
358,2019,Egypt,3.25,154,"The events revolve around a young man who goes to dinner with the family of Dr. Yahya Hussein Al-Tijani at the invitation of his daughter who loves this boy, but the doctor is living his worst days after appointing a guard against him because of threats that haunt him because of his bold opinions, and the dinner turns into an exciting discussion between the guest and the father."
359,1973,Egypt,3.9,39,"(Salem) is a prisoner who was arrested due to a crime he was not involved in, as (Kamel) his wife's brother had wronged a young girl and the result would be a fetus, and to preserve the girl's reputation, he took her to a doctor to perform an abortion, but she dies during that process, and suffers (Salem) When he learns that his wife is in a critical condition and does not have much time in front of him, he must see her and tell her the truth about his imprisonment."
360,2009,Egypt,3.15,267,"(Malik) is a football player in a small club, then quickly proved his competence and skills, so he moves to play in Al-Ahly club and leads Egypt in the African World Cup qualifiers."
361,2012,Egypt,3.3,122,"(Badran Kamel), a businessman, is exposed to a financial crisis and agrees with his son (Hazem), the spoiled young man known for his many female relationships, to marry (Salma) the football player and daughter of the bank manager (Fouad Al-Malt) to get out of the financial crisis, despite his complete distance from femininity , Except that it relates to her after marriage."
362,1997,Egypt,3.4,89,"Three people live on the roof of a building that overlooks a cinema near them. They repeatedly fail to get a real honest job opportunity in order to support themselves and their families, and after they watch a foreign movie in the cinema from the top of the building in which they are, the three of them decide to resort to rob a bank to escape from the situation Hard material."
363,2015,Egypt,3.6,58,"In a continuous context of suspense and excitement, lawyer Adel Abdel Aziz Abu Al-Dahab (Khaled Al-Nabawi) becomes in a great vortex, as he pays a high price for his honor and integrity, and an accident occurs to him that changes all the course of his life, which leads him to take an alternative plan, which is to avenge himself and recover his right With his own hands."
364,1971,Egypt,3.75,46,"Al-Harith leads one of the major tribes and represents the worst types of pre-Islamic control, as he raiding convoys, plundering and looting, capturing women, then selling women in the slave market, these raids achieve the Sultan. His son Hashem falls in love with Laila, his partner, Fadl Bin Malik, and decides to marry her."
365,1964,Egypt,4,34,"Saber Al-Rahimi tries to find his father in order to lead the way, and he falls into the ropes of a hotel owner who loves him and asks him to kill her husband, and at the same time he falls in love with a journalist in Akhbar Al-Youm."
366,1988,Egypt,3.85,40,"Three young men quarrel with the family of a girl who harassed her, so (Abdel Rahman) and his colleague are terrified, and they go to ride the river bus. Assaba has many people that leave its mark on them."
367,1995,Egypt,3.35,100,"(Kamal Hussein) is a fighter pilot, fired from military service because he accidentally caused the death of his colleague during the 73rd war, and his wife deserted him, accusing him of cowardice. Kamal works on a helicopter in an oil company, and a major drug dealer tries to lure him to transfer a major drug deal, and delude him of approval While informing his boss about the matter, he cooperates with the drug dealer to implicate him."
368,1993,Egypt,3.55,62,"The events revolve around the officer Hussam who works in the anti-morality department, and on one of the missions he discovers that there is a prostitution network run by a businessman who succeeds every time using his influence and power to get out of any charges against him, which leads to Hussam's failure in his mission, to escalate events."
369,1957,Egypt,3.65,52,"(Salah) is a young man and a student in the Faculty of Commerce, who is living the best days of his life with his first love (Samiha). That happiness is soon broken on the rock of reality when Samiha accepts a rich and successful groom named (Dr. Fouad). Salah's life shattered after that, then he tries to stand on his feet again in order to make Samiha regret what she did to him, succeed in his studies and work, and get married while he is still sick with the first love, so will he get rid of it and become truly happy in his life?"
370,1984,Egypt,3.7,48,"Jalal sends delegates from the mental hospital to Port Said to arrest his sister Fatima, taking advantage of his political position, accusing her of insanity. Fatima runs away to the roofs of the house and threatens to throw herself if someone approaches her, as she tells her story to the crowds that gathered around her."
371,2004,Egypt,3.1,393,"(Adly) is a Christian employee, religious to the point of strictness even in his relationship with his wife (Naamat) and his children (Na'im) and (Naama) whom he treats with extreme cruelty, especially his son who loves cinema at a time when (Adly) views it as a major sin and prevents him from going to But (Naim) the smart kid takes advantage of his parents' mistakes to push them to take him to the movies."
372,1958,Egypt,3.8,41,"(Abdel Moneim) is an obscure singer, who joins as a music teacher in a music club, and is forced to wear an industrial beard and mustache; To look like an old man;"
373,2012,Egypt,3.65,50,"The film deals with the issue of the young man's jealousy over his sweetheart who wears the tight pants made of the lightweight leggings that has become widespread in recent times, and whose wearing for him becomes a reason for all their differences, and through that idea the film deals with the problems that occur between each young man and his sweetheart in general."
374,2013,Egypt,3.55,59,"On one of the strangest nights that have passed on Umm al-Dunya (Egypt), as the January 25 revolution set the cradle of a new life, with its goodness and goodness, over this people. In one of the prisons, an Egyptian young man (Asir Yassin) lies and finds that the prison door is wide open for him. He escapes with hundreds of prisoners in the barren desert."
375,1985,Egypt,3.75,43,"Saeed shocked the officer with the morality police at the start of his service by his chief's decision to save the investigation in the case of Ali Hanim due to its connection with the officials, and he turns into a person with rigid feelings. When the guide, Sayed, gives the officer information indicating that some of the workers go to an apartment and practice their hobby, he tries by every possible means to prove the accusation against them, even if it is false."
376,1964,Egypt,3.7,46,"He narrates the biography of the legendary popular hero, Adham Al-Sharqawi, famous for Robin Hood, who fought for many years against the British occupation, and tries to ward off grievances from the people of his village."
377,1958,Egypt,3.7,46,"Tohme is a beautiful girl, and all the warm men seek to marry her, her father promises every person he owes money by marrying his young daughter, his affairs are exposed and the grooms revolt and demand their money, as for Tohme, she loves a young man who works in a pastry shop, so her father tries to arrange a plot to get rid of him by depositing him in the mental hospital."
378,1985,Egypt,3.45,71,"The beautiful young journalist (Sahar) meets (Hussein) in London and they return to Egypt, where he gets acquainted with her father (Asim), the director of the company, from whom his twin brother (Sherif) embezzled a large sum and hid it in the bed until (Hussein) sells the apartment furniture so that he can get out His brother (Sharif) is out of prison after his arrest."
379,1999,Egypt,3.85,37,"Ali (Bassem Samra) is an ambitious actor who lives in Rawd Al-Farag with his family and works as an accountant in a governmental association. With the passage of time he finds that he cannot achieve what he aspires to in acting or in life, especially with his father's growing control, so he decides to travel to France in order to earn a living there from unlicensed boxing matches, but matters develop with him, especially in his struggle with those in charge of those."
380,1975,Egypt,3.4,79,"Adel is a director of a company and is married to Nabila, the daughter of Medhat, the owner of the company. Adel falls in love with Amira, the employee of the company, and tells her about his feelings and that he was unsuccessful in his life with his wife, and that his marriage was an interest to reach his position."
381,1982,Egypt,3.3,104,"Hamada proposes to the owner of the tourism company in which he works a project to develop the company, so that the owner of the company attributes the project to himself and expels Hamada, and he, his wife and their young son find nothing but theft as a source of money, so that he and his wife are a gang and their thefts multiply, and they become major businessmen."
382,2014,Egypt,3.4,77,"The events of the film take place in a comic framework during the filming of a movie, where the daughter of Saeed, a clacket worker (Amr Abdel Jalil), is kidnapped in order to force to kill the star of the film that is being filmed, and his neighbor Hanan (Ola Ghanem) stands next to him, in an attempt to pull his weight and return his daughter to his lap."
383,2001,Egypt,3.3,103,"Fadl works as a history teacher in Cairo, his father, the mayor of al-Bahnasawi in Upper Egypt, and his friend Sheikh al-Khafar search for ancient tombs and sell their contents to antiquities smuggling gangs. The mayor disagrees with the Sheikh of Khafre."
384,1987,Egypt,3.6,51,"Sheikhoun marries Dalal, the dancer, and gives birth to a twin, and steals her money to buy the bar he works for. Dalal takes the opportunity to cover up her husband with his sister's husband who escaped from prison, so she reports to the police in revenge for him. His children, except that the past returns to ruin his life again."
385,2005,Egypt,3.1,312,"(Shaker) is a high school principal, who falls into a state of permanent obsession that controls his daily life due to the American occupation of Iraq, so a strange idea comes to him that is to take care of a young scientist from his former students until he discovers for him a weapon to defend himself at any unfortunate moment that the homeland may encounter In the future, he settles on (Tariq Abdel Samad)."
386,2016,Egypt,3.2,153,"The climate of Egypt changes to a complete frost, and a group of intelligence officers decide to travel to Italy on a mission to obtain a device that has the ability to stop the frost, and impersonate a cinematic team in order to pretend to shoot a movie, and deal with a failed actor called (Madih Al-Alboussi), and with a girl She has a precedent in etiquette called (show)."
387,2002,Egypt,3.2,151,"A businesswoman asks for divorce from her husband after three months of marriage because he snores during his sleep, a lawyer under training takes over her case with his lawyer colleague, and because the woman's justification is not convincing, the lawyer's tricks begin to search for a good reason to obtain a divorce ruling for his client, and a series of comedic events begins."
388,2005,Egypt,3.1,293,"The events of the film revolve around a girl who lives in a popular neighborhood, but the young men of the neighborhood struggle to love this girl to death"
389,1985,Egypt,3.6,49,"The story of the film revolves around two Tramp friends, (Morsi) and (Salah), who live in Alexandria. The first marries a saleswoman called (Safia), after which the two go to drug smuggling deals that take them from the bottom of society to the height of wealth and power."
390,1964,Egypt,3.7,42,"(Hassan al-Hilali) lives with his father, Sheikh al-Fadil, and he sermons the most beautiful girls in the town (Yasmine). He has three enemies (Matwali, Jaafar, and Shaheen). In prison he gets acquainted with his cell neighbor, the old man (Jalal), who he considers his son, and he tells him the location of a huge treasure outside. (Jalal) dies, and (Hassan) manages to escape, then finds the treasure, becomes a rich and capable man, and then returns"
391,1938,Egypt,3.75,39,"The events of the film revolve around Lashin (Hassan Ezzat) who is the commander of the army, and he is characterized by justice and decisiveness, and stands in complete contrast to the prime minister who profits from his position at the expense of the people. To (Lashin), and he is imprisoned, but the prime minister does not realize that by doing this he is contributing to stoking the fire raging in the hearts of the angry people."
392,2015,Egypt,3.35,83,"The story of the film revolves around (Yahya) who fails his scientific research on the extraordinary capabilities in humans, and is forced to take a leave of absence from his work and his usual life, walking without aim, settling in a pension on the sea inhabited by a group of funny characters, where an intimate relationship grows between him and the hostess, He approaches her young daughter with strong charisma, and (Yahya) believes that he has found the magic that he has always searched for, as it seems that there is something unusual inside each of them, and perhaps inside it as well."
393,2015,Egypt,3.2,143,"Today is the wedding day of Yahya (Muhammad Huneidi) and Maha (Reham Hajjaj), and since early in the morning the newlyweds are preparing to welcome this day, but as soon as this day begins until the newlyweds fall throughout the day and in the wedding itself in an endless long chain of ironies and difficult situations, What makes matters worse is the chase after the obsessed girl Posey (Ruby) to live all day, and her extreme insistence that she be his wife instead of Maha."
394,1986,Egypt,3.6,48,"The film deals with the spread of the cholera epidemic in 1947 in the city of (Cairo), and some surrounding cities through the story of a friend (Dalida), whose only grandson suffers from this disease, so she tries to save him with all her strength, especially after the death of all her family members, and before a deadline passed. The six days, when the only fate at that time is death, so (a friend) goes with her grandson to (Rasheed) in order to try to cure him, and she cooperates with her in this to do so with Al-Qardati's (Mohsen Mohieddin), especially after he fell in love with (a friend) despite the age difference between them."
395,1991,Egypt,3.3,95,"In prison, Sayed Kabaka gets acquainted with two prisoners who become one of his closest friends, namely Badr Salim, the pimp, and Mustafa Abu al-Ezz, who falsely confessed to committing a robbery committed by his accomplices in order to obtain money for his wife's treatment, and upon their release from prison, Mustafa discovers that Mustafa's wife has passed away Without receiving the necessary care promised to him by his partners, and that his daughter is placed in one of the orphanages, Mustafa agrees with Kabaka and Badr Salim to avenge his partners for what they have done."
396,1972,Egypt,3.5,57,"Film producer Adel holds a competition to choose a new face for his new film, and Souad passes the test, but Adel refuses to assign the role to her because of her modest appearance, and Souad is determined to win the role, so she disguises the appearance of one of the princesses at a party attended by Adel. He admires her and offers her a chance for acting."
397,2015,Egypt,3.2,138,"The football player (Kamal Naguib), famous for (Congo), achieves what he had long aspired to be one of the most prominent football players in (Egypt). As a result, Al-Amin suffers a permanent disability, and the player is sentenced to 3 years in prison, but despair does not know his passion for a way, so he decides to form within the prison a professional football team from his fellow prisoners."
398,1985,Egypt,3.55,51,"Ali and Hoda are two married couples who love each other, but Ali suffers from a psychological complex that makes him unable to integrate with the opposite sex, and his wife Hoda was trying hard to help him and offer him to specialist doctors to treat him. Suleiman Al-Selahdar."
399,1945,Egypt,3.8,35,"Ramadan is a poor, impoverished and elderly man, and so is his wife, who has a son and daughter. Satan chooses this family to prove the extent of his control over people, offering them youth and money."
400,1984,Egypt,3.6,46,"A doctor finds herself involved in an unfounded accusation, after a minor traffic accident that resulted in misfortunes that she completely did not expect. The doctor spends her days between police stations, security services and hospital rooms, waiting for her lawyer to prove her innocence."
401,2019,Egypt,3.35,78,"International painter Sherif Kamal (Samir Sabry) returns to his homeland (Egypt) after 37 years to decide to paint his last drawing in honor of the homeland, but Logine, his wife's daughter (Feryal Youssef), refused to do this so he planned a plan to avenge him, and Logine became mad after learning that the last painting (Sharif) painted it before his death. It was on the back of Muhammad Hussein (the driver), so she bargained with him to get the drawing in any way, but Muhammad Hussein has a different opinion."
402,2000,Egypt,3.15,174,"Three friends work in Sharm el-Sheikh, a tour guide, a diving instructor, and a cafeteria manager, each with his own story. One of them helps the daughter of an Arab minister to escape from her father who refuses to marry her to the one she loves. And intertwine events after her escape and discovering the truth about who she loves."
403,1996,Egypt,3.65,42,"Abdullah works as a microbus driver, his father's uncle Ali takes turns with his son Syed, and his sister remains unmarried despite her advanced age, and from this point of view, a complex network of forbidden relationships looms in the area in which they live."
404,1984,Egypt,3.65,42,"Aisha suffers from poverty, so she sells her daughter Zainab to the wealthy barren Sharifa, provided that she takes care of her in her capacity as her nanny, and Sherifa Hanim also takes care of the expenses of Aisha's family, and this agreement only teaches Zaghloul, Sherifa Hanim's lawyer. Stop working as a nanny."
405,1994,Egypt,3.35,76,"Latifa Hanim is a descendant of the royal family and lives on the ruins of the past. Her husband, her careless son Fayeq and her daughter suffer from ideas of domination and control, and also the rural maid Fethiye suffers. Latifa Hanim uses Hassan as a driver for her car, thoughts fall in love with Hassan the driver while he loves his poor neighbor who exchanges his dreams"
406,1968,Egypt,3.65,41,"Before the July Revolution, Yusef Al-Sioufi rises in the world of journalism on the shoulders of his teacher (Muhammad Naji). Shawqi, a revolutionary who strives to build a new world."
407,1950,Egypt,3.65,41,"(Amin Zuhdi) is the head of a family with a young son and daughter who loves their shy neighbor. (Amin) wants to get rich quickly and gives his friend all the savings he has so that they can enter a business, and in the context of a fantasy (strange) the father feels as if he has died and sees the conditions and problems of his family after him, and he sees his friend and has refused to return the money to his family and sees his family begin to collapse."
408,1989,Egypt,3.45,58,"The palace of Mortada al-Salamuni's father, who was a minister, is seized, and his wife abandons him, prompting Mortada al-Salamouni to reside in the country house that his family owns, and he tries to find work with Abdullah Bahnas, but he expels him, and Murtaza decides to take revenge on Abdullah by cooperating with three thieves Mahrous leads them in order to steal important papers belonging to Abdullah in order to blackmail him."
409,1987,Egypt,3.4,65,"(Anwar Abdel Mawla) is an employee who dreams of a renewed life. Therefore, he agreed to a work contract in the field of tourism in (Greece), but he could not travel and work in a government interest, so that his life changed through his undertaking an official mission for the government interest in which he works, namely handing over a legacy to a house Money in (Cairo) is made up of a monkey, a donkey, and a goat, and it has many comic ironies that are unavoidable."
410,1984,Egypt,3.4,65,"Fathi trades in smuggled goods, and lives with his beautiful mother, combines love between him and his neighbor with a joke that encourages him to complete his studies, the matchmaker or imam succeeds in persuading his mother to marry a master who is a professional quorum who marries wealthy old women and seizes their money. Fathy tries to prevent this marriage, but Sayed succeeds in seizing her money."
411,2004,Egypt,3.05,422,"(Okal), a skilled car plumber, who lives with his grandmother (Atata), is greatly shocked by the experience of his previous fiancée's wedding to a wealthy man, and he drinks alcohol to the point of intoxication, and finds himself in a coffin heading to Turkey, and in Turkey he tries to return to Cairo at any price, and tries a mayor The Egyptians in Turkey in turn help him, and he takes him in his home, and a love affair begins with the daughter of his host."
412,2005,Egypt,3.05,409,"The story revolves around (Yassin), a young lawyer, who works in a law firm. (Yassin) discovers some questionable operations that take place inside the office, so he is suspended from work as a result of his interference in these matters. He tries to know what is happening, as he tries to happen. On his lost rights from the owner of the office, his girlfriend is kidnapped, and she is transferred to (Italy) by the people involved in these suspicious operations."
413,1960,Egypt,3.65,40,"Mustafa (Ismail Yassin) works as a bed in a company, and he has a love affair with one of the employees in the company, but he suffers from his manager's constant mistreatment of him, and on one day in the month of Ramadan, Mustafa finds a magic lantern in which there is a imprisoned genie. Gemayel decides to grant him seven wishes, but an accidental event occurs that prevents Mustafa from realizing all of Mustafa's wishes."
414,1952,Egypt,3.65,40,"Hassan, a worker in a turning shop, who is indignant about his livelihood and his harsh financial conditions, comes to him once in the workshop in which a high society woman who admires him and invites him to her villa to complete and install the decoration, and Hassan gets involved with her in a forbidden relationship and leaves his home."
415,2008,Egypt,3.05,403,"The events of the film revolve around Hossam, an Egyptian tourist guide who works in America, and returns to Egypt with a tour group on New Year's Eve to visit tourist attractions in Egypt, and the guide takes the opportunity to spend a hot night with his wife, hoping to get her pregnant, but his plans change when she falls Surprising things disrupt this scheme, especially because of a terrorist plot planned by Awadin Al-Asyuti."
416,2011,Lebanon,3.75,34,"The events of the film revolve around a group of women who live in one village, despite their different religions, but there is one thing that unites them, which is grief as a result of the fall of their children, and their relatives killed by the war, trying to save what can be saved, but in the event that the events take another tragic turn How patient can they not lose what is left of their families?"
417,1954,Egypt,3.85,30,"(Esmat), the owner of the beauty and beauty shops for fashion, striking at the expense of marriage. She established an association against men called (Women Equal to Men). All the unmarried women joined the association, and while (Esmat) went to attend one of the association's meetings, her car hit the cyclist, painter Waheed Fathy (Muhammad Fawzi), who was carrying a painting to participate in the art exhibition, but the painting was torn apart, (Wahid) gets to know her closely, and starts chasing her in various ways after he loves her, tries to move her feelings with all the tricks to no avail, and the film's events follow."
418,2011,Egypt,3.2,119,"The events of the film revolve around a group of young people who establish a private university after failing to obtain high grades in high school, and then reveal through this university many errors and obstacles in the educational system in Egypt, which affect even their personal lives."
419,1986,Egypt,3.7,36,"When businessman Abdel Qader returns on his way home, Ihsan seeks the help of him to take her to the hospital where she gives birth to her baby, then he is surprised by the kindness of her newborn registering in his name and hides the matter from his wife and son, and he tries in various ways to put on Ihsan to withdraw from what she did, but there is a surprise that was not considered"
420,1989,Egypt,3.6,41,"As a result of his grandfather's control over him, (Jaafar) decides to rebel, and marries the shepherd (Marwana) so that the grandfather expels him from his palace. The same, will he succeed?"
421,2012,Egypt,3.2,115,"Reem is a revolutionary political activist working in an advertising company, trying to uncover what is happening in Egypt, especially the real reasons behind what is known as (The Battle of the Camels)."
422,2007,Egypt,3.25,93,"Hanan (Laila Elwi) is a tense character who tends to isolate or flee from those around her until she meets the skirt dancer Bakr (Farouk El-Fishawy), a sensitive artist, and their souls meet. Free and happy."
423,1955,Egypt,3.7,35,"The events of the movie revolve around a doctor who lives in Cairo, who suffers from a narrow hand and lack of income to enter his private clinic, and one day, the doctor meets a man called Nabil, who is nothing but the Devil himself, and he makes a deal with him through which he helps him to know The diseases that his patients suffer from, and the doctor becomes famous as a result of that and becomes affordable, but matters turn out to be unpleasant later."
424,1960,Egypt,3.5,48,"Nada gets acquainted with the pilot officer Adel at one of the parties with her classmate, Safaa, who is liberated, and she goes out with him on the plane he is piloting, and is absent from school, which causes her problems as the headmaster informs the mother of her daughter's absence. Her cousin after insulting her and beating her."
425,2014,Egypt,3.25,91,"The movie revolves around a satirical comic about the young man (Ramez Jalal), who marries a girl interested in women's rights and faces the challenges that hinder her in achieving her dreams, but this helps her not being with her husband enough time, and her lack of interest in her marital life, which led him to He marries another woman, which has plunged him into many troubles, and comedic ironies that turn his life into a mass of Hell."
426,2019,Lebanon,4.1,22,"The film revolves sarcastically about Mohsen or the silly `` without prestige '' who decides to challenge his clan in order to win Haifa's heart, in the midst of the elders' struggle to lead the clan."
427,1980,Egypt,3.35,66,"The owner of the café, Warda, gets involved in the Al-Batinah neighborhood with Fathi and gets pregnant from him, he abandons her under pressure from his father and the contract that controls the drug trade. Al-Akkad's rival, Burai, abuses Fathi and enters prison."
428,2007,Lebanon,3.3,76,"Layal (Nadine Labaki), works in a beauty shop in (Beirut) with three other women, each one has a problem: (Layal) has a relationship with a married man, Nisreen (Yasmine Al-Masry) is a Muslim who lost her virginity and does not know how to face this matter, especially since she will marry Rima (Joanna Moukarzel) finds problems with her gender identity, Jamal (Giselle Awad) is afraid of getting old."
429,1976,Egypt,3.5,47,"The events of the story deal with four thieves who participate in a massive robbery, but they betray their friend Jaber (Nour al-Sharif), as they drug him and report him to the police after leaving him in an apartment. Jaber spends his sentence inside the prison, and after he goes out he discovers that his sister is working inside a house From the brothels, as he finds that his three colleagues have improved their conditions, and their lives have improved after the previous crime, and the fall of it, (Jaber) decides to take revenge on them one by one."
430,2008,Egypt,3.05,326,"The events revolve around Mutwali the cook, who by chance makes him nominate to work as the private chef for the President of the Republic, to begin to transmit news of the people and what they say about him from the latest jokes and the conditions of the people in the street, which causes him many problems."
431,1957,Egypt,3.5,46,"The events of the movie revolve around a young man who falls in love with his cousin, but her mother refuses this love and marriage, and tries to marry her to an old and wealthy man, to ask the girl from her cousin to volunteer in the fleet, in order to help this accelerate marriage, and the events follow."
432,1986,Egypt,3.3,74,"After the death of her husband, the widow (Jamalat) faces the greed of the merchants with the fish seed, as they try to prevent her from trading, and fight her by all means, until the simple worker (Ahmed) stands next to her, to marry him and start managing her trade and her money, so that the events will turn upside down, when he decides to marry again"
433,2012,Egypt,3.1,189,"Raouf (Muhammad Huneidi) escapes from the ghosts of his grandmother Rawya Hanim (Samiha Ayoub) controlling him after traveling to (Germany). But the return of his grandmother, and her stay with him, turns his life upside down, so she returns to control him again, and controls his life, and his wife's life greatly."
434,1972,Egypt,3.4,56,"The dangerous gangster (Mister X) returns again with the aim of seizing a precious jewel owned by an Indian maharaja who is a guest at a Cairo hotel, and at the same time (Miftah) an employee in an insurance company tries to convince the Indian Maharaja of the necessity of insuring the jewel, and during these events, it occurs. Many of the paradoxes are due to the great resemblance between Key and Master X."
435,2005,Egypt,3.05,300,"Al-Qarmouti, the owner of a cafe in Nazlat al-Samman, lives on tourists, declares his rejection of American policy and sends his son to Baghdad to deliver a mango shipment requested by his Iraqi friend Abu Adnan, in Baghdad, a Wahid is arrested for criticizing Saddam, while the American armies prepare to enter Baghdad, Al-Qarmouti travels to Iraq In search of his son."
436,1961,Egypt,3.5,45,"The film tells the story of the life of (Antarah bin Shaddad) who gave birth to Emir Bani Abs from his neighbor Zubaydah and then disowned him. On his position not to recognize him, and Antara attaches to the love of (Abla), but her father forces her to marry the emir of one of the other tribes who sends his men to confront Antara."
437,1980,Egypt,3.65,35,"Laila is a successful lawyer, and she marries a wealthy illiterate contractor, Fathi, as each of them has a different culture. He is ignorant and she is educated, and although she is from a poor family, she feels that her cultural situation makes her rise above him, narrow her life with him and turn away from him. Fathi gets to know a notorious woman She is called Sawsan, and she informs Laila of their relationship, so she asks for a divorce and gets it."
438,1963,Egypt,3.55,41,"A hotel is waiting for the visit of Sultan Maringus I, Sultan Boringa, to spend his vacation in Egypt, and Maringus had deposed Sultan Abrim V of the throne and replaced him, so the supporters of the isolated king were waiting for the opportunity in Cairo to kill Maringus I, and General Askarani reached with the Egyptian police to impersonate Hassan The baggage in the hotel was the Sultan's personality during the visit, due to their physical resemblance."
439,1980,Egypt,3.35,62,"Azza escapes from the family home after the many harassment she was subjected to from her stepfather, and on her trip, Azza gets to know Medhat, who agrees to live in his house after her failure to find an independent residence, and there she gets to know Magda, and they soon become friends, but things get complicated When Magda dies and Azza impersonates her."
440,2007,Egypt,3.15,128,"(Laila) narrowly escaped from a major car accident, while her husband (Hashem El-Gohary) suffered severe injuries in his body, which forced him to many surgeries, but he did not surrender his lost memory and lost all his relationship with the past, and he has no knowledge of his past except what was narrated to him by his wife and some friends Close people, some untold facts began to reveal to him."
441,2012,Egypt,3.35,61,The film revolves around the girl (Mona) who suffers from a psychological problem due to her mother's suicide problems when she was young.
442,1954,Egypt,3.55,40,"Hanafi is a conservative and reactionary young man who practices his thoughts on his father's wife Fella and the daughter of his father's wife, Nawaem, and his father tries to marry him from her daughter Nawaem, who loves another young man. And he turns into a woman, and there are three women in the house, and a love story is born between Miss Hanafi and his former friends Abu Saree Al-Jazzar and Hassouna, and they compete over her love and marriage."
443,1958,Egypt,3.65,34,"The movie revolves around a person who loves a dancer in a nightclub and decides to marry her, but he asked her to leave the dance, but the club's owners were afraid that the customers would leave the club and so they conspired to get the dancer back, and indeed they succeeded in that by joining the military police."
444,1955,Egypt,3.5,43,"He comes to Ismail to be summoned for recruitment, and finds it difficult to implement the orders that are given to him in the army, and from here many funny situations arise, as Ismail lives in a love story, but there are those who compete with him for the love of the girl he loves."
445,1954,Egypt,3.5,43,"The movie revolves around a man and a woman who get married, but soon the husband becomes a lot of boredom and anger as a result of the persistence of lying in everything, which drives him to travel for work in Paris, so she arranges a plan with one of her husband's friends to return to her by inventing a lie that it is Pregnant, which pushes her husband back, but many strange and funny ironies happen because of her lie."
446,2011,Egypt,3.3,67,
447,1991,Egypt,3.45,46,"Youssef is an innocent and naive employee, who goes out on his day off to meet strange personalities, including a tramp dressed in Charlie Chaplin's clothes, Syed Marzouq, a billionaire, eccentric, multifaceted, a personality full of contradictions and mysteries, who loves night and mood sessions, and by searching for the same master Marzouq finds himself accused of murder."
448,2017,Egypt,3.2,91,"(Muharram) delegate of a tourism company who lives in a popular area, falls in love with a Japanese diplomat named (Sakura), they marry and have two twin children, and under difficult living conditions, she asks to return to Japan, but he refuses; She takes the two children, and she travels without his knowledge, and after 7 years, they reach an agreement stipulating that the two children will come for a period of 6 months to stay with him, but with conditions."
449,2010,Egypt,3.2,91,"Abd al-Rahim is a simple villager who emigrates to the city to join the government job, and resides in the house of his sister Narges and her husband in a slum area, and there he gets involved in many women's relationships, until he is fired from work because of one of them, and then he becomes infected with the malignant disease and is transferred to the hospital, and there his heart is softened to a patient who collects Between them the same disease."
450,1980,Egypt,3.3,64,"The two university students disguise Zaghloul and Hassouna in women's clothes so that Hamdi agrees to rent them a room in the villa, which he only rents out to girls, as he hides behind that his sinister purpose, which is to hunt beautiful girls. Love connects Baisa and Hamdi, and Najwa marvels at Zaghloul and Nahed in Hassouna."
451,2018,Egypt,3.35,55,"While the child (Ali Hassan) plays a game (hide-and-seek) with his grandfather, he is arrested due to the similarity of his name to the name of one of the perpetrators. In it, proof that the child is the real accused."
452,1980,Egypt,3.7,29,"Ahmed, under pressure from his father, Hassan, agrees to marry another woman so that she will have someone who inherits his wealth, and his wife, Amal, is barren. The choice falls on the dreams of the poor girl who supports her ailing mother."
453,1963,Egypt,3.5,39,"The story of the life of the Sufi ascetic (Rabia al-Adawiya) since she fled to Basra; She became a slave girl to Mr. (Essam El Din), then he was killed by Mr. (Khalil) to become his slave girl, then she met with the mystic (Thawban) who guides her to the right path, and that her current life is all fun and absurd, and her decision to leave all of that, and her steadfastness in the face of Khalil's torture"
454,1987,Egypt,3.65,30,"Ibrahim abandons his wife Fawzia and deports from town, settles in Cairo, where he marries Hasania, and joins him, Fawzia, and Ibrahim denies his knowledge of her and claims to the investigative officer that she is insane, taking advantage that she does not have evidence to prove her identity. He also brings a couple who claim with false papers as their father-in-law to her daughter, so Fouzia collapses and becomes depressed and is admitted to a mental hospital. The journalist Farida sympathizes with her and tries to help her in various ways."
455,1966,Egypt,3.65,30,"After the death of (Fahmy), five years pass, and the father comes to life, and (Abdel-Jawad) decides to return to the house of (Zubaida) the scientist, and he is surprised that yesterday's child (Zenouba) has grown up and has become a girl and can make (Mr. At the same time (Yassin) loves his son without knowing the truth and marries him, as for (Kamal), he loves (Aida), but she does not marry him and leaves him to disbelieve the principles and ideals he believed in, after calibrating him with his poverty, and marrying a wealthy young man."
456,1953,Egypt,3.55,35,"The husband dies and leaves his wife Khadija and their two children, Naamat and Sami, and goes to live with a relative, who is arrested on charges of burning the factory in which her husband was working, and this crime was arranged by the chief Abdel Hakim after Khadija refused to marry him, she becomes insane, and is hospitalized for ten years until her memory returns to her She embarks on a journey to find Neemat and Sami."
457,1940,Egypt,3.55,35,The minister (Jaafar Al-Baramaki) listens to the voice of the Bedouin (Dinars) singing as he passes through the desert. He greatly admires her voice and suggests that her breeder accompanies her to (Baghdad) in order to learn the principles of singing at the hands of (Ibrahim Al-Mawsili).
458,1973,Egypt,3.45,42,"The events of the film revolve around the family of Mr. Ahmed Abdel-Gawad through his second and third generation descendants, which are represented by Yassin and Kamal, the younger son, and the children of the girls Aisha / Khadija, in the age of youth and the political and social transformations and their impact on their maturity and life paths. Dini is searching for salvation from his point of view, while Ahmed believes that salvation is to march to the left in search of the values of justice."
459,2017,Egypt,3.1,140,"Alaa Al-Deek (Muhammad Ramadan) is a bank employee, but he hates women from a young age and avoids any dealings with the women of his family, and when he goes with the men of his family for a Nile cruise, all the men of the family die except for him, and now he has to take full responsibility for the affairs of his family, which have become all of them Women only as he has become the only man in the family."
460,2012,Lebanon,3.2,83,"(Mazen) is an employee who works in a company, who loves a life of luxury and loves flashy appearances, suffers under a large debt that causes him to have big problems with creditors (Shafiq) and (Sidri). At the same time, he falls in love with his wealthy colleague (Elissa), but her mother (Tahani) forces her to associate with the businessman (Preachers), who pressures her by threatening to imprison her father if she rejects him, Mazen saves the life of wealthy (Marwan) from death, and he rewards him"
461,1983,Egypt,3.35,51,"Dawlat discovers that she is barren, so that her husband divorces her, then she meets the poor young man (Medhat) who lives in her mother's building, and a love story arises between them that soon develops into marriage, and Dawlat helps him until he becomes a major businessman, and they decide to adopt a child named (Buthaina) , Who falls in love with Medhat as soon as she reaches her teenage years."
462,1987,Egypt,3.65,29,"Fikri is a journalist busy with scientific affairs. He discovers that there are some patients who are suspiciously disappeared from a hospital, and doubts that Dr. Halim is the one behind these disappearances, especially with the suspicious ambiguity that envelops his life. The opportunity for my thinker who enters the house of Dr. Halim al-Fari in Helwan , In order to discover that he is conducting experiments to freeze people to preserve them."
463,2002,Egypt,3.05,205,
464,1979,Egypt,3.75,25,"Magdy is a successful engineer who is shocked by a moment of destiny that he does not forget, and it has worried him, namely, the fall of one of the workers from a high altitude in front of him that takes his life in a moment, so Magdy decides to go to Alexandria trying to forget that, and there he gets to know a couple, the husband Safwat who is always tender to his wife and meets all her needs And the wife, Souad, who meets this interest with lukewarmness and incompatibility, especially as she discovers his greed for her wealth, and tells Magdy about her story and tries to help her, but fate was closer to her."
465,2013,Egypt,3.25,66,"The events of the movie take place in one place (an apartment whose owner calls the Jarsonira), and between only three people: a man, his wife and a thief who comes to them for the purpose of stealing, but as the events unfold, we discover a lot about the backgrounds of these characters, addressing the message that the person is infallible , Whatever his culture and the environment in which he was raised."
466,1976,Egypt,3.5,36,"Zalata emigrates to the city of Texico, and there he becomes one of the heroes of the city, and takes over its rule, dies, and his daughter Najma returns to Egypt; To search for Matwali, the nephew of Zalata, in order to take revenge on the playboy Killer Billy the Kid, but Mutawalli is a completely peaceful person, not fit to take revenge, decides to go with a star to Mexico, and there he changes a lot."
467,1997,Egypt,3.1,130,"After the 1967 war, all members of Ibrahim's family immigrated from the city of Ismailia to one of the popular neighborhoods in Cairo. Ibrahim continues his studies and holds a high school diploma, and after he meets the artist Izzat Abu Auf, who discovers his talent for singing, Ibrahim becomes a well-known singer. Ibrahim also lives in a love affair with his neighbor Salwa, who rivals him in her love, Zizou, who aspires to excel in football."
468,1985,Egypt,3.65,28,"Zammar Hassan, a young man who was hunted after he was a student in the College of Engineering, performed a play that did not live up to the authorities with the college's cast. He moves from village to village in Upper Egypt, in search of safety and stability, and settles in the village (Al-Araba) as a seller in a grocery store."
469,1959,Egypt,3.65,28,"Ahmed likes (Fatima), and a love grows between the two, assuming that they are from a noble family. A love story is born and (Ahmed) asks (Fatima) to marry him, and after the marriage they have (Samir), then (Fatima) goes one day to visit (Suad) in her house, and if the police attack the place because it is suspicious, (Fatima) is arrested and her life is upended"
470,1954,Egypt,3.75,24,"A poor thief assigned her sister to deliver a stolen ring to her lover, but she did not know that the police were tracking her, so she succeeded in escaping from them and had to hide with a man who worked as a train driver and stayed with his friends, and she told them her whole story, so they sympathized with her and fell in love with the driver, but he did not pay her any attention. The girl heads to find her aunt and is surprised that she has become rich."
471,2006,Egypt,3,362,"Malak (Ghada Adel) fabricated the story of her abduction and demanded a ransom from her father, the wealthy businessman Adham El Shazly (Hassan Hosni), to recover the money she inherited from her mother from her curmudgeon, and she uses this plan in Rushdi Abaza (Ahmed Helmy) after she convinced him that she was paralyzed and needed to undergo surgery."
472,2016,Egypt,3.45,38,"The film presents the story of a group of young people from a poor Egyptian village, who try to migrate to Italian lands illegally, without carrying any official documents, as they travel on a defective and dilapidated ship, separated from their dreams of a better life in Italy treacherous sea waves."
473,1983,Egypt,3.45,38,"Ezzat and Hassan are friends and colleagues at work. Hassan admires Souad, but he cannot tell her about his feelings because of his extreme shyness."
474,1969,Egypt,3.4,42,"Nahid suffers from dual personality disease, so she lives in her personality during the day, and at night she is Mervat the playful girl. A psychiatrist treats her and discovers that her illness is the result of a psychological complex since her childhood, as the father discovers the mother's betrayal and treats her roughly and does not approach her and she lives in emotional deprivation."
475,2015,Egypt,3.2,75,"The Mu'tazila actress (Laila Al-Samahi) visits her fellow actor (Sameh Kamal) at his home and asks him for something strange, and (Salma) and (Wael) are alone for the first time in a friend's apartment, and (Yahya) with Alzheimer's travels to Cairo to search for the owner of the picture that He carries it in his pocket with a drug dealer who finds him on the way."
476,2005,Egypt,3,336,"The movie revolves around a young man who loves to play kung fu and wants to become a professional in this game, but he discovers that the game has no future or audience, so he meets a fortune teller who can read and hear the ideas of others."
477,1995,Egypt,3.35,46,"Hussein suffers from severe depression due to the boring routine of work and the pressures of life that he faces as an employee, husband and brother, so he decides to escape from his reality, his work and his family, and goes out to the street without a goal to get acquainted with Sayed who provides him with a place to stay, and while he is walking around he gets to know Naima who works as a container in One of the street rovers and falls in love with her."
478,1956,Egypt,3.6,28,"The poor girl who is a medical student falls in love with her wealthy colleague who does not feel her and underestimates her feelings at the beginning, so that he falls in love with her after he sees the sincerity of her feelings towards him and asks her to marry, but there are those who stand up for them to spoil that marriage"
479,1978,Egypt,3.35,45,"Atwa fails in his studies and finds no way to survive except for a pickpocket. During one of his tours, he meets with his classmate Shukri, who tells him that he is now a director of a food company. His wallet, in his home, Atwa checks the papers he found in the Shukri folder for his friend Ahmed Al-Sahafi, and finds them documents condemning my thanks and some of the personalities in the embezzlement cases."
480,2008,Egypt,3.15,88,"The events of the film revolve around a murder that takes place in the apartment of (Rawia) who lives in the building opposite the building (Aya) on 18th Street, where (Aya) watches the whole crime and becomes threatened with being the next victim, so what will happen, especially if the suspect is close to ( Verse)?"
481,1990,Egypt,3.35,44,"The late director (Youssef Shaheen) continues to recount his biography again after my films (Alexandria Why?) And (An Egyptian Happiness), where here the general intersects with the private, and the documentary with narration, so Yahya (Youssef Shaheen) recalls the details of his human and artistic relationship with Amr (Amr Abdel Jalil) since Alexandria Why?"
482,1964,Egypt,3.5,32,"Hamdi, the lawyer, suffers from major problems with the women that cause him to be suspended from work, to go to Fayoum to get away from the women. The New Year's party is being held in the hotel. The sky rains badly. Using it, and escalating events"
483,1963,Egypt,3.6,27,"Madi is a girl from the aristocratic milieu, who lives aimlessly in life, and because of her wealth, young people gather around her. Interested in her, while (Omar) finds in (Madi) a petty girl and seeks to give her hope in life, and the events that will affect each other follow."
484,2000,Egypt,3.05,160,"The story revolves around Imad (Beliya) who works as a mechanic in one of the poor alleys, and falls in love with a wealthy girl named Donia who had repaired her car once, but the problem is that there is another young man competing with (Balaya) for her love, but this young man Coveting only her father's wealth, this young man resorted to many illegal means such as fraud and forgery."
485,1981,Egypt,3.3,49,"Sara and Mohi's Quran is held, then Sarah travels with her father, the great contractor Munir Rahmi to Aswan, and there she discovers that her father does not want to complete the wedding procedures and seeks to marry her to another young man she does not like, so she escapes to Cairo, and during the travel trip to Cairo, she meets the journalist Mamdouh and hides her story from him that he knows After the father announces a financial reward for whoever finds her, Mamdouh makes sure that Sarah exchanges his feelings of love, and they agree to marry after she tries to persuade Mohi to divorce."
486,1961,Egypt,3.8,20,"Mustafa is a young man of good origin, who takes care of his poor family, loves his neighbor, and resists the temptation of the leader of a gang of thugs working in customs clearance, but the gang is able to include a neighbor, who loves his sister, and he previously proposed to her, so Mustafa asked him to move away from the gang in order to marry his sister To decide who is the gang."
487,2005,Egypt,3.05,151,"Ayoub has a talent in the field of rhetoric, and his mentally handicapped mother helps him who thinks like children, and thus helps him to reach the new, but the owner of the advertising agency tries to change his thoughts and beliefs by illegal means, and the clash between them continues until Ayoub retaliates with a completely new method that no one expected."
488,1985,Egypt,3.65,24,"Napoleon's forces occupy Alexandria in 1798, and the baker (Salim), his wife and three children (Sheikh Bakr) and (Ali) and (Yahya) resort to Cairo to escape the campaign, and the campaign reaches Cairo and defeats the Mamelukes. (Ali) works with the French and learns their language And believes in dialogue with them."
489,1993,Egypt,3.45,33,"The Nubian - who was the fruit of the relationship his mother Warda had with a brown man - spends a period of his life in a mental hospital, and when he gets out of the hospital, he discovers that he has another brother trying to search for him in the paths of Cairo in order to obtain his inheritance, and during the complex search journey that the Nubian is going through , He falls in love with a woman who is identical to his mother, and the journey becomes more and more complicated."
490,2009,Egypt,3.05,147,"A mysterious murder is investigated by a police officer and his assistant, where a sculptor is accused, and the forensic doctor succeeds in helping the police to decipher the mystery of the crime, to discover the relationship of adrenaline that the body secretes when fearful to that crime."
491,1955,Egypt,3.4,36,"The movie revolves around a gang kidnapping women, killing them, stealing their jewelry, and then burying them under their homes. From here, a young man discovered by chance that his fiancée was going there, so the young man was very frightened and decided that he informed the police after he left this house that he entered by accident."
492,2016,Egypt,3.35,40,"(Ali) is a twenty-year-old man who loves a goat and faces many criticisms and harsh ridicule from his community because of that. Ali, accompanied by Ibrahim and his goat, on a journey through Egypt."
493,1988,Egypt,3.3,45,"Bakiza al-Darmali and the daughter of her ex-husband Zaghloul al-Ashmawy are forced to live together in a room on the roofs, and they get to know a mysterious foreigner, so they enter into chases and are involved in strange murders."
494,1955,Egypt,3.5,29,"Two boys who are not brothers with each other, they are Yahya and Fathi, Yahya is a straight boy, unlike his drunk father, as for Fathi, he is a frivolous and divine young man, and as a result of his negligence and his father's rage with him, he expelled him from the house, but Yahya is good among them, during which Yahya gets to know Samia and loves her, to compete with him. In that, he opened to his jealousy."
495,1967,Egypt,3.4,35,"Mahmoud spends all his time in emotional relationships without thinking about marriage, and he tries to approach Laila, his colleague in the club for five years, but she repels him, which compels him to ask to marry her and stipulates that if he betrays her, they will betray him likewise, Mahmoud agrees, and after months of marriage she discovers his betrayal with someone His clients, and begin to behave with him in a way that suggests they are betraying him."
496,1994,Egypt,3.3,44,"After working for the intelligence service during the period of power centers and using her beauty to entrap important personalities, Salwa retires from this job, marries a prominent professor and lives a virtuous life. But after 20 years, the intelligence chief needs a similar service, and he threatens Salwa with an old tape so that she will respond to his request."
497,2013,Egypt,3.45,31,"Three stories that take place at the time of the revolution, the first for an officer in the State Security Investigation, the second for a TV presenter, and the third for a computer engineer with ties to youth groups who had a major role in the revolution, explaining the reasons that led to the spread of corruption over the past 30 years."
498,1970,Egypt,3.25,50,"Two friends separated by the love of one man, when a friend marries and travels with her husband to Tunisia, she maintains her relationship with the other friend, the husband dies in Tunisia, the other friend is determined to invite her friend to live with her and relieve her loneliness. It puts everyone in a difficult confrontation with friendship and marriage."
499,1983,Egypt,3.35,38,"(Hosnia) the scientist runs her hotel for prostitution in the (Darb Tayyab) area with the help of (Saleh), and the hotel (Murad) and his friend (Abdulaziz), a university professor who falls in love with (delusions), decides to marry her, and at the same time (Murad) courts (Samiha) ) And deludes her of his love, so they agree to steal (Hasania) jewelry with the help of (Saleh) after he (Samiha) deludes him of her love."
500,2014,Egypt,3.3,42,"The events take place in the mysterious and frightening world of jinn and demons and extracting souls, through a true story of a girl exposed to demonic touch that turns her life and the lives of those around her into hell, so her brother seeks to help her by photographing what is happening by placing a camera in the house."
501,1968,Egypt,3.4,33,"Ahmed and Mona were cousins who were raised and educated together until they reached the university, and while they were on a university camp trip on the beach during the summer vacation, love broke out between them. They decide to marry, but the circumstances do not help them to get married, especially with the appearance of an engineer groom who asks to marry Mona, so she does tricks until he runs away from her."
502,2015,Egypt,3.25,48,"A psychological excitement that takes viewers on a journey through a strange relationship that arises between two extremes, namely, Saeed (Ahmed Al-Fishawi) who lives a miserable life that approaches the life of the homeless, and Hoda (Sherine Reda) who lives alone and all she does in life is only watching."
503,1959,Egypt,3.5,27,"Lula's reputation lives with Sa`id, but he soon loses his job and the ways become narrow, which prompts him to not go out to look for work, and Ismail is forced to work as a secretary in a fashion house owned by the spinster Howaida who lives with her brother Fawzi, and they stipulate that the employee is not married, so he claims that he is Single, she asks Lula to leave the job after she knows the truth, and he refuses, and Lula applies to work as a model for Howaida, and Fawzi admires her and asks her to get married even though she is married."
504,1959,Egypt,3.5,27,"The events of the movie revolve around a person who works as a shopkeeper and loves a girl who works as a maid and asks her to come to him with the news of the dead in order to do his work. Indeed, she brought him the news of her master's death, but it was incorrect news and her master did so in order to avenge his mother-in-law."
505,2012,Egypt,3.2,56,"After the doctor told her about the deterioration of her grandfather Hussein's health, Fikria decided to travel to Egypt to check on his health and wealth also after she lost her wealth in stock market speculation, so many paradoxes happen between them, and she helps her grandfather find his girlfriend and find her and Fekria falls in love with his grandson."
506,1979,Egypt,3.3,41,"A delegate in an insurance company called (Adel), who has a daughter whose mother left her to the other world, and new residents live next to them, (Safaa) the school and her mother, he falls in love with her, but he discovers that he is seriously ill and his days are numbered."
507,1961,Egypt,3.35,36,"Editor-in-chief, Salah Shawqi, and his colleague Younes, the photographer, are tasked with covering the arrival of Nadia, the daughter of the millionaire Abu Ageila, from Switzerland after a long absence. Salah and Nadia spend a wonderful and memorable night with Younes and his fiancée."
508,1970,Egypt,3.25,47,Mohsen is a journalist for the Journal of Crime and Punishment. The editor-in-chief assigned him to conduct an investigation to increase the magazine's circulation. His fiancée proposes to him to impersonate the serial killer who kills women because of a psychological complex from childhood.
509,1978,Egypt,3.45,29,"After the 1967 setback, Suheir is recruited after the killing of her father and the arrest of her brother, to penetrate into what is going on in universities and write security reports on revolutionary youth and professors opposed to the regime, with time Suhair feels inferior and regrets her shameful work."
510,1953,Egypt,3.45,29,"Samir marries Nabila and they live with her mother, Samir's mother comes and the quarrel starts and each of the mother-in-law ignites the war in the house that becomes an unbearable hell from the many quarrels, Samir guides to marry his mother-in-law and in fact one of his friends proposes to propose to her, Nabila gives birth to a child, and this increases the intensity of the quarrels and who is he I deserve to be taken care of."
511,1990,Egypt,3.2,55,"Sonia Selim is a famous dancer. It was decided to expose the matter of one of the ministers, whom she knew, and refused to pay her wages after agreeing with her and threatening him to publish her memoirs, causing a number of officials to panic."
512,1955,Egypt,3.3,40,"The musician Allam takes care of the young Jalal and teaches him to sing, so that Jalal is linked to a love story with the young singer Suhair and she is exchanging love with him, at the same time that Allam suffers because of his wife's betrayal of him, and he thinks that Soheir will compensate him for the shock so he tries to approach her and confess his love to her, to discover her love for Jalal and escalate Events."
513,1963,Egypt,3.6,22,"The events of the movie take place during the period in which the fire incident occurred (Cairo) in 1952, when (Hamza al-Muhandis), a volunteer member of the National Guard, gets acquainted with a school called (Fawzia), and after the outbreak of the fire, the British try to arrest all volunteers in the National Guard, so he hides ( Hamza) with one of his friends, and (Fawzia) helps him with everything she has, and she is also trying to form her own cell in order to strike the English forces in the (Channel) region."
514,1959,Egypt,3.4,31,"The movie revolves around two twins, one working in the cinema and the other working in aviation, but the brother who works in the cinema falls in love with a dancer, but she does not feel him because she hopes to marry a pilot, so the brother tries to impersonate his brother, the pilot, to win the heart of this dancer."
515,1963,Egypt,3.45,28,"The movie revolves around a comic, about a TV director inciting him to take revenge for his father who died, but he does not agree to the idea of revenge and marries Laila, but he knows that a member of the other family has left prison to kill him and tries to set a trap for him in his home in order to kill him. Events."
516,1948,Egypt,3.45,28,"Rashwan Pasha's daughter Anbar becomes imprisoned in the palace, and Rashwan Pasha treats himself on his deathbed badly until he confesses to his relatives about the place of his estate, which they are supposed to inherit."
517,2000,Egypt,3.2,53,"During the period of the Gulf War, (Fatima) works as a maid in the house of a wealthy person, while the son (Muhammad) suffers persecution from his teacher, Professor Mansour, who has an emotional relationship with his mother (Fatima), taking advantage of her difficult circumstances to give private lessons to (Muhammad) as a cover for this Relationship, and (Muhammad) is attracted to the world of the extremist religious current led by Sheikh (Khaled)."
518,1981,Egypt,3.2,52,"Dr. Suleiman, a university professor of law, gets to know a lil girl named Ibtisam, who goes to spend the night with her at her house. A friend of the dead man and begins to blackmail him by asking him for a monthly sum of money in exchange for keeping the secret, then the cat and mouse game begins between them."
519,2011,Egypt,3.05,113,"Abdullah's mother tries to persuade him to marry, with the help of his friend and partner (Fadi), but Abdullah establishes an illegal relationship with the businesswoman (Farida), at a time when the announcer (Maryam) attaches to his heart and seeks to marry him, and his girlfriend (Nadine) tries to regain him as a lover After her separation from her husband, Abdullah does not care about his love for the Christian girl (Amira)."
520,2010,Egypt,3.05,113,"(Kamal) A young public prosecutor causes the execution of a boy by mistake, so he resigns from the prosecution because he feels guilty. Kamal works as a lawyer but loses his first case as a result of pressure from influential people .. These events lead to his depression and alcoholism, until a corrupt businessman (Muhammad Al-Hajj) lures him to work He has, and his life is turned upside down, and a conflict rages between him and his old friend, the Officer (Ali), who is trying to return him to his honorable life."
521,1978,Egypt,3.25,44,"Hossam is annoyed by his wife Lulu's excess liberation, so Lulu leaves Alexandria to Cairo, looking for an apartment and she cannot find, and on her tours she meets Salama, who knows that she could not find a place to live, so he suggests that she come to his house to stay in the empty room in the apartment In which he lives with his colleagues, and hides that she is a married woman, and while Kamal is attracted to her, her husband and everyone searches for her."
522,1993,Egypt,3.15,61,"A group of Egyptians who are planning to immigrate to the United States of America meet in the Romanian capital, Bucharest, which constitutes a temporary stop for them until they move to the next step, with the help of the broker (Jaber Fawaz), but they soon discover that Jaber Fawaz is nothing but a swindler who has fallen victim to him after He seized their money, and left them at the borders of Hungary, prompting them to move beyond their differences aside and join hands in order to pass this ordeal."
523,1987,Egypt,3.4,29,"Walid, the son of a big businessman, kills his mother's lover, and the mother confesses to him, and in return his father tries with his influence and authority to keep him away from the case, and a young officer confronts him who knows the strength of his opponent."
524,1973,Egypt,3.5,24,"Abdullah, a car driver, accused in the murder of the thug Magdy and a friend of the Ghanaian Nawal, this criminal escapes after he tried to defend himself, but the events are successive and he is also accused of killing the Ghanaian Nawal, he lands in one of the villas where Murad and his wife live with their young son, and Abdullah takes from the house residents Hostages so he can escape."
525,2009,Egypt,2.95,450,"The film revolves around the businessman Mohsen Hindawi, who suffers from financial failure in his business as a result of the global financial crisis, and establishes a love relationship with the businesswoman Mahjah, who also suffers from financial problems, and many paradoxes occur."
526,1967,Egypt,3.45,26,"Mansour entrusts the young man Hussam, the son of one of his friends, to watch his daughter, Noura, while she is on a trip to Ismailia. Noura falls in love with Hussam, and he exchanges the same feelings for her, except that she knows his mission and that what is between them was a job that he performs honestly, so she agrees to propose to a young, unemployed hereditary, to take revenge on Hussam, but she could not To resist her feelings, at the same time Hussam does not stop his attempts to convince her of his sincere love, so that connection and harmony between them will return."
527,1992,Egypt,3.2,49,"Abu Al-Hassan Bashkatib in the Ministry of Justice lives with his three sons: Dr. Thanaa, Alaa and Walaa. Thanaa occupies a prominent position in an international organization abroad, and one day the sons are shocked that their father is accused of stealing the file of one of the important cases, so Dr. Thanaa returns to stand next to his innocent father and is surprised that the decay has afflicted his family."
528,1990,Egypt,3.2,49,"The events of the film revolve around the journalist Hussam (Ahmed Zaki), who has a relationship with three different women at the same time. Amira (Yusra), a wealthy, charming journalist with many relationships with senior officials who assist him in his career, Reem (Samah Anwar) his rebel revolutionary secretary who has been arrested several times, and Hanadi (Fifi Abdo) the simple lady is one of the victims of the collapse of a building in a popular neighborhood."
529,2010,Egypt,3.15,59,"A family of eight members, the father and the mother who work in a government body and have five children, and each of them has a problem completely different from the other, and lives between their problems and crises in addition to her support for her blind mother, and after a series of events, the mother finds the solution to eliminate her problems by applying to one of the competitions for the title (The perfect family)."
530,1980,Egypt,3.15,59,
531,2019,Kuwait,3.1,75,"A man who was attacked relentlessly tries to reveal a mysterious mystery, to stop the stream of incomprehensible memories that dominate him, and at that time he discovers what is illusory and what is real."
532,1991,Egypt,3.35,31,The movie revolves around the Homs and Halawa couple who perform their shows in the streets and squares. Their right.
533,1979,Egypt,3.45,25,"The differences between Rawia and her husband Hamdi increase, and they decide to separate, and Rawia goes to stay at her father's house with her and her daughter, while Hamdi marries the young woman, Mervat, and Rawya gets a job as a secretary in a newspaper, to meet Tariq, editor-in-chief and feel attracted to each other, and events unfold."
534,2007,Egypt,3.55,21,"The film shows real characters and models who live our social reality. A young man over thirty works in installing satellite dishes, and on the other side there is his friend (Fathi Abdel-Wahab) who refuses to work outside his specialization and begins to abuse drugs and rebel against reality, and there is the girl Hayat (Hanan Turk) who has reached the age of thirty and did not find a job despite her graduation from university, so she works in"
535,2014,Egypt,3.1,72,"The events take place in an interesting dramatic context around three young men, who meet in one prison, and each of them has a story about why he entered prison, the first of whom is a young man sentenced to death in the case of his rape of a girl from the building in which he worked as a janitor, and the second Jaber, married to Azza, who entered prison twice because of her And the third is Walid, a businessman who is married to Nour, who implicates him in a check case after learning of his betrayal of her and his marriage to another one, so she tries to take revenge on him."
536,2016,Egypt,3.15,56,"The film revolves around a comic about a young child of a wealthy family who is kidnapped by a gang, and many comedic ironies occur while trying to return the child to his family."
537,2005,Palestine,3.85,14,"Two young Palestinians, Saeed and Khaled, live in Nablus, Palestine, and they are friends of childhood. They plan to carry out a commando operation in the heart of the Israeli capital, Tel Aviv, after coordination with a Palestinian organization, but things do not go as planned."
538,1981,Egypt,3.35,30,"Ibrahim is the owner of an old car workshop, and he marries a poor girl named Mahasin, which is something that his brothers fear because of their fear of the possibility of her sharing them in the inheritance, and at the same time Ismail feels a lot of hatred and hatred towards Ibrahim who works for him in the workshop, which pushes him to fabricate Problems all the time with Mahasin, but the status of the relationship between Mahasin and Ismail soon changes."
539,1949,Egypt,3.35,30,"The singer (Asfour) loves the daughter of the owner of the club in which the dancer works, but she tends to (Mimi Bey) the wealthy young man, in which a bird finds a magic lamp that he touches to get out of it a puck, and it begins to fulfill all the desires of a bird so it sets him short, but he is still looking for Love, will he find it?"
540,2019,Egypt,3.1,70,"In a form of comedy, Al-Qarmouti creates a cemetery for his ancestors, the catfish, and makes it a tourist attraction, and sets a ticket to enter it, which enters him into several problems, the most important of which is with the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities, and at the same time a journalist filmed a murder of a gang that appears to be working in smuggling antiquities, and the camera arrives Lid Al-Qarmouti, who becomes involved with the journalist and is chased by the gang."
541,1971,Egypt,3.45,24,"Hossein Pasha Shaker, who has great political influence, tries to dominate his influence on those around him, and he is fighting Muhammad Effendi, who clings to his principles in confronting him, as he tries to extend influence over his family."
542,1950,Egypt,3.45,24,"A single used to marry women and then divorce them when they fail to conceive, to get to know a girl and when he fails to win her over, he marries her, but she knows that she is his seventh wife and she repels him without telling him that she knows the truth of his multiple marriages, and he makes every effort to reach her heart and create situations that increase his jealousy towards her. Will the seventh wife succeed in taming him?"
543,1954,Egypt,3.25,38,"Kitty is a dancer in a nightclub. , Which puts him in a series of comedic ironies between him and his fiancée's family."
544,1983,Egypt,3.05,92,"Inside the prostitution district in Old Cairo, an honorable policeman is appointed to resist corruption and bullying in the neighborhood, until he falls in love with one of the neighborhood's women, and a trap is set for him until he is dismissed from the police and the events follow."
545,2010,Egypt,2.95,334,"Hatred arises from a young age between (Ali) and (Yusef), its first episode ended with the immigration of (Ali) to Ukraine and the imprisonment of (Yusef) by his hands in (Egypt) ... while (Ali) works in Ukraine with drug dealers and escapes with money to an unknown place, Time passes and (Yusuf) travels to Turkey to work in his turn in the drug trade, until his star rises and the two rivals meet again, and the fire between them is lit again."
546,1968,Egypt,3.3,32,"Munir is a rich young man who works as an air traffic controller, served by an eccentric man who only has control over his wealth, and who tries with all determination to distract him completely from the love of Mona, who loves him and wishes to marry him, so Munir finds himself falling in love with five hostesses of different nationalities, but the problem is also Mounir has developed a satisfying and unnatural fondness for women's shoes, which seeps into the psychiatrist trying to treat him."
547,1953,Egypt,3.45,23,"This movie shows the role of drugs in our societies, and the dangers they carry that threaten human life with disintegration and dissolution. Hamido (Farid Shawky) works as a fisherman at sea, but he also deals in drugs by sea. Hamido and Saadia (Hoda Sultan) live in a great love story, but the teacher Qarsh (Mahmoud El Meligy) does not leave them alone. Hamido teaches him a harsh lesson for what he did with Saadia and the conflict escalates and events follow."
548,1982,Egypt,3.5,21,"Abu Zaid and a number of his colleagues are revolting against the teacher Shamrock, the owner of the agency they work for, which is under the leadership of Shushu, which violates the law. They are working in a new agency, which makes Shosho angry."
549,2009,Egypt,3.05,88,"The events of the movie (Ain Shams) revolve around a young girl named Shams, who lives in the popular neighborhood of Ain Shams, and her father discovers that she has leukemia at a late stage and is about to die, and her only hope is to visit the downtown area."
550,1965,Egypt,3.4,25,"Love ties between Ahmed and Mona, since they were two children in Marsa Matrouh, Ahmed proposes to Mona's engagement, and her father refuses to marry, because he wants to marry her to another."
551,1984,Egypt,3.25,36,"Fawzia recommends her son Awad to search for teacher Dagher to regain his father's right. Dagher owns a furnace that helps him to administer Saber and controls the people of the neighborhood with his tyranny. Awad works in the oven, loves Tohma, tells her his secret, and they agree to cooperate against Dagher."
552,2017,Egypt,3.15,51,"The events of the film revolve around (Hamada Hilal), a professional fraudster, who falls in love with a strong-personality girl who was also working with one of the gangs famous for swindling, so what will happen?"
553,1992,Palestine,3.3,31,"After the assassination of Palestinian artist Naji Al-Ali in London in 1987, the film returns with its events back in time as it recalls the stages that Naji Al-Ali went through in his life, starting with his displacement with his family to Lebanon, then his work in Kuwait, and then his return to Lebanon again within The period of the Lebanese Civil War."
554,2011,Egypt,3.2,41,"In the city of Alexandria, Fatima knows that her youngest son needs a weekly kidney dialysis that needs 300 pounds, and she does not have enough money for that, and she travels to Cairo to beg far from her original home, and after collecting sufficient funds, she returns to discover the death of the son. Continuing to beg."
555,1950,Egypt,3.35,27,"Saber Effendi, a simple employee who suffers from material missteps, attends to the company in which he works, a new manager who had an old friendship with Saber's wife, which strengthens his relationship with time with members of the Saber family, which raises the ire of a number of the company's employees. The director and wife of Saber."
556,2012,Egypt,3.45,22,"Its events revolve around the plight of a poor family in one of the popular (Cairo) neighborhoods, where a dear father, a nurse's mother, and a daughter face problems expressing her feelings and dreams, after she became 30 years old and not related yet, as she does nothing but care for an absent father About the world with the voice of (Umm Kulthum)."
557,1988,Egypt,3.45,22,"The film reviews the conditions of the child (Yasser) feudal family, which were greatly affected by the socialist decisions of July and led to the nationalization of a large part of their property, at a time when the friendship between Yasser and the child, Layl, the poor farmer."
558,1999,France,3.7,15,"The story of the film revolves around the period of the civil war in (Beirut) in 1975, when the aspects of normal daily life end, including the suspension of studies and the closure of schools. Military circle, but that adventure quickly turns into a tragedy."
559,1993,Egypt,3.05,84,"(Salah) is a young village man, who has a fondness for martial arts movies, moves to Cairo and works as a garage salesman, and he trains the karate game at the hands of (Hassan) in the hope that he will become a champion of the game, and he falls in love with (Nadia) the employee of the video shop from which he rents tapes Movies."
560,1955,Egypt,3.5,20,"Ahmed Mumtaz, an employee who creates a kind of cloth that does not burn, presents it to his boss, who in turn displays it to whoever is above him until he reaches the general manager, and each of them attributes it to himself, goes to meet the general manager at his home with his colleague, and happens to have a costume party, gets to know the director's daughter And he loves her, and she thinks he's a millionaire because his name is similar to a millionaire of the same name."
561,1960,Egypt,3.4,24,"(Amal) marries the train driver (Mahmoud), who deals with her cruelly based on the advice of his friends. (Amal) feels a strong thirst for love, despite the presence of her husband next to her, he travels (Mahmoud) to another city and asks his assistant (Hassan) to take care of his wife During his absence, Amal expresses admiration for (Hassan's) morals, who takes into account her interests, and this admiration soon turns into a sweeping love, especially after (Amal) was seriously injured, during which he stood beside her and offered her assistance."
562,2001,Egypt,3.1,61,"(Hoda) is a teacher, her husband disappears, leaving her two young sons, who are dedicated to raising them to grow up, and the first becomes an engineer who is forced to travel to Iraq to improve his family's income, and there he joins the Iraqi army and travels with him to invade Kuwait, while the younger brother joins the Egyptian forces traveling to liberate Kuwait from the Iraqi invasion."
563,2014,Egypt,3.05,82,"Ammar Gad Al-Haq Hadid (Amr Saad) is an orphan young man who works as a plastic artist. He falls in love with a wealthy girl named Nadine (Dora). (Ammar) and (Nadine) marry without the knowledge of her family, so (Mahdi's) men kidnap (Nadine) and beat (Ammar) severely until he loses his left eye, and enters prison after a false accusation by (Mahdi Khattab), to change his lifestyle."
564,1946,Egypt,3.35,26,"Ibrahim Effendi, the simple employee of the beverage factory, lives a happy and quiet life with his wife and son, until he gets to know the girl Qamar and joins her to work as a servant in his house, who causes a fall between him and his wife, and his wife leaves the house, to turn his life upside down, what will he do?"
565,1959,Egypt,3.3,29,"A naive young man arrives from Upper Egypt, meets in Cairo a handsome young man and befriends him. In fact, he is a fraudster who deludes him that he can sell him the Green Threshold Square. The young Saidi believes and puts all his money in the matter of buying the Green Shrine Square, and on the other side there is a young singer who dreams of fame and artistic glory, and she is also caught in the traps of the fraudster."
566,2017,Egypt,3.25,33,The film revolves around a number of love stories that are presented in a romantic context as a number of passengers travel on a tourist bus between Cairo and Mansoura.
567,1993,Egypt,3.65,15,"(Gharib) recovers his entire life path, which intersects with what the city of Suez experienced over two centuries through the tripartite aggression and the defeat of 1967, as we remember with him the circumstances in which his parents met, and his father's death while he was a member of the popular resistance at the time of the tripartite aggression, and Gharib left To study and his work in the printing press with Usta (Salah), the owner of the house in which Gharib lives with his mother, and Gharib got to know (Mahmoud) who joined his father in the popular resistance, and with whom he participates in the resistance activities."
568,1977,Egypt,3.6,16,"Laila marries Ali and suffers from his rigidity and strictness, so that he moves with her to live in a secluded house in Alexandria. Laila lives in emptiness and boredom as her husband travels a lot to Cairo, checks himself and decides to move to Cairo, Laila was surprised by Ibrahim, the newspaper seller, and Izzat, the show operator, at the region's cinema, along with Abbas and those who sexually assault her."
569,2008,Egypt,3,115,"Teacher Baltia faces investors trying to control a private beach in the El-Max area in Alexandria, where she lives with her daughter, and a fierce confrontation occurs between the teacher and the investors."
570,1961,Egypt,3.45,20,"The film revolves around a family whose life paths are separated; Where the son, who works as an engineer (Shukri Sarhan), enters prison instead of his father (Zaki Rustom) on charges of drug trafficking, and after his exit he travels to an Arab country in pursuit of work."
571,1959,Egypt,3.45,20,"The film revolves around a police officer who misbehaves and escapes from a gang boss before being admitted to a mental hospital and fearing punishment for negligence, he decides to enter the hospital in the name of the criminal."
572,1988,Egypt,3.35,24,"Hashem is a doctor whose only daughter dies, moves to a palace that he rents from Iman, and begins to feel strange things happening in the palace, such as the appearance of a child's body in the bathtub, and the ball rolls over the stairs, and whenever he hides the ball, it reappears, so he begins to search for the history of the palace with the help of Iman."
573,1961,Egypt,3.35,24,"(Ahmed) asks his wife (Amal) some jewelry in order to exchange it in order to pay off his debts from a crime he found himself accused of without committing it, then he returns the money to her after a while and tells her that he does not need it. Then he tells her that he killed the treasury employee, and events unfold in a strange way for the wife."
574,1985,Egypt,3.4,21,"Hanan (Laila Elwi) returns to the house of her wealthy father Salem (Ahmed Mazhar) after completing her studies abroad, who was married to Inayat (Suad Hussein). She meets Ahmed (Iman Al Bahr Darwish) who works for her father, and who grew up with him since childhood. Her stepmother is inclined towards each other, so she tries to get rid of him by fabricating the accusation of theft, so that her son marries (Hanan), and the wealth of (Salem) belongs to her son."
575,1978,Egypt,3.7,13,"Fatima gets involved with Abbas in a forbidden relationship, as he deludes her with wealth and arrests him, so Fatima feels that she is alone in this world and Dr.Ahmed loves her and marries her despite her past, and she gives birth to Samir, after a period of imprisonment ends Abbas and he searches for Fatima, and he finds her address, but she goes to his house And he tries to assault her. In the police station, he summons her husband, and decides to divorce her and deprive her of her son and travel outside Egypt. Fatima lives in a state of misery for years."
576,1966,Egypt,3.35,23,"Three stories written by Ihssan Abdul Quddus about three thieves, their circumstances differed, as well as their motives for theft, the first stealing from a traitorous wife believing that this is his right, the second stealing a public bus in order to quickly reach his sick wife, while the third stole his old aunt to be able to marry."
577,1985,Egypt,3.5,17,"Kamel Abdel Shakour, general manager of one of the companies of the Ministry of Industry, known for his integrity. Fayed, the director general of contracts in the company, tries to convince him to obtain a commission, but he refuses despite his difficult financial circumstances."
578,1955,Egypt,3.5,17,"Before his death, the master of the boat, Hussain, invites his stepson to recommend him to his real son, while his real son is having fun and wreaking havoc, and his fiancée robs her honor, then he gives her escape, and refuses to consummate the marriage"
579,1987,Egypt,3.25,29,"Officer Khaled tracks down a number of gangs that trade in drugs, and in one of the chases he kills the son of the gang leader without the officer knowing that he is the son of Ismat Bey, and who decides to take revenge on him is an evil revenge."
580,1983,Egypt,3.25,29,"Hassan Musharraf, in one of the reformatories, meets with different types of inmates inside the reformatory, and with time he gains the friendship of inmates whose behavior improves and an atmosphere of friendliness arises among all. On one of the inmates 'trips, the trip car crashes into Narges' car, which hosts them in her home where she lives with her brother, his wife and their daughter."
581,1963,Egypt,3.25,29,"The work revolves around Hamida (Shadia), an orphan girl who aspires to wealth, gets engaged to the alley barber Abbas El Helou (Salah Qabil) who decides to travel to get more money to meet Hamida's needs. After he travels, professional pimp Farag (Youssef Shaaban) seduces Hamida After her involvement, she plunges into her new life and forgets about (Abbas) and the people of the alley, because chance collects again with (Abbas) who decides to take revenge."
582,1957,Egypt,3.3,25,"A bird (Ismail Yassin), a worker in a zoo, falls in love with Dalal (Nozha Yunus), Heshmat's fiancée (Abdel Fattah Al-Qasri), who loves Adel (Omar Hariri) and at the same time loves and prestige (Amal Farid) Asfour, he does not know this and is trying to marry Dalal"
583,1965,Egypt,3.4,20,"(Fakhreddin) believes that love is the basis of everything, and a friend bets that he can live happily with his girlfriend (Shams al-Aseel), but his friend tells him that money is the basis of everything. He is the one with whom it is possible to buy the debts of others and meet the needs of the people, when he (Fakhr al-Din) meets his lover (Shams) and tells her that he will propose to her, he talks to her about the bet between him and his friend about the wisdom of the mind, the power of money, and the events follow."
584,1959,Egypt,3.4,20,"The six mother, monotype, who suffers with her younger brother from the tyranny and oppression and the domination of their older brother Abdel-Sabour who is obsessed with works of magic, quackery and sorcery. He makes sure that they follow his orders."
585,1992,Egypt,3,99,"(Saif) works in a video club and lives with a group of young people looking for a better life, and Saif tries to prove his talent for singing, but he is fired from his work and enters into adventures that end in prison in Alexandria, where he meets a left-wing student who writes poems, and after their release from prison he presents to a composer An old obscure, let them sing in the squares and streets, and the events follow."
586,2007,Egypt,2.95,196,"The events of the film revolve around the phenomenon of religious extremism and confusion that envelops the behavior of young people, and the film deals with this phenomenon in a simple comic form through the character of Amr (Ahmed Eid), a reckless young man who studies in the Faculty of Medicine, he and his friends live a careless life between drug abuse and neglect of studies, then He falls in love with his religious, veiled colleague Farah (Bushra), so he tries to woo her by pretending to be religious until they get engaged, and then she discovers his truth is that he is pretending to be religious, and that his real behavior is the opposite, so she decides to part with him."
587,1958,Egypt,3.45,18,"The story revolves around (Sultan) the poor child who grows up and becomes a military reporter for one of the adult brigades. He enjoys the sympathy of (Essam) the police officer, son of the brigade, unlike the rest of the house he is harsh on. And by giving up the service, he is punished by expulsion from the army and imprisonment, and when he fails to prove his innocence, (Sultan) turns to the path of criminality for fate to plot for him an unwanted confrontation between him and the officer (Essam), whom he had always sympathized with."
588,2006,Egypt,2.95,191,"Maryam sees a lot of murders and theft in her dream, and finds her realization in reality in a way that makes her the subject of suspicion, but everything changes when she sees a dream in which her only daughter is killed."
589,1982,Egypt,3.6,14,"The great musician, Ramadan Al-Saeed, gets to know a budding singer and helps her achieve fame. He neglects his wife, Safia and his children, and kills her when he discovers her betrayal and goes to prison. After the end of the sentence, he loses his artistic status."
590,1952,Egypt,3.3,24,"The film is set in a comic setting, where Fatima (Faten Hamama) opens a law firm. Her fiancé, Adel (Kamal Al-Shennawi) refuses to agree to her work due to his lack of belief in her ability to succeed and the inability of the woman to work as a lawyer, so she challenges his opinion to prove to him that she is superior. The competition between them intensifies, but Fatima was not successful as a lawyer and her fiancé was outperforming her."
591,1960,Egypt,3.5,16,"Adel is a pilot and loves a girl named Mona, and he tries to thank the family friend for getting close and wooing Mona, but she is blocking him. Adel asks Mona that he wants to propose to her when he returns from his trip, and he comes back and the hostess comes to his friend Adel at home and declares her love for him and Adel repels her, and on the way an accident happens to them and they enter The hospital, and when Adel is late, thank Mona and marry her."
592,1958,Egypt,3.35,21,"The events revolve around a rich person who dies leaving a huge fortune, but none of the heirs are allowed to receive his share of the wealth until they find the son of the deceased who was lost in the forest long ago, and already two of the family go to reach the person who became Tarzan."
593,1952,Egypt,3.35,21,"The film tells the story of (Wahid) the singer who takes care of his friend's daughter after his death, especially that their brother is a corrupt young man and he was the cause of the father's death. The girl suffers a severe psychological crisis, and events escalate."
594,2008,Egypt,2.95,176,"The events of the film revolve around the families of Shehata Hussein and Salim Abu Nawas (Salah Abdullah and Izzat Abu Auf), one of whom belongs to the Zamalek Club, and the other to Al-Ahly Club. Abeer, the daughter of Abu Nawas (Bushra), is in love with Hassan Ibn Shehata (Ahmed Azmy), which puts this love story before the obstacle of football fanaticism."
595,1957,Egypt,3.45,17,"Sami comes from the countryside to Cairo to join a school for girls, and there he admires his student Nawal, but he is ashamed to tell her about his feelings towards her, and at the same time Mamdouh tries to make Nawal love him, which he gets to know by chance, so he turns to his friend Sami in order to help him in a book Love letters, to form a love triangle."
596,2020,Egypt,3.15,37,"The film revolves around a policeman, who researches some social issues, especially those related to the crises of the poor inside the woman's birth, and the problems they face."
597,1991,Egypt,3.3,23,"In June 1945, during the last days of World War II, the former university professor Jawhar meets a young prostitute in a brothel, and kills her in a moment of madness. Police investigator Nur al-Din takes over the murder case, and pursues Jawhar, hoping to confront him and obtain a confession from him for the murder. From the detective and the killer, amazing facts change their perceptions."
598,1973,Egypt,3.25,26,"The story tells about the amazingly beautiful girl Nahid who gets married to a young man as a cover for a sinful relationship with a big businessman, and with the approval of the official husband, Nahid sacrifices the young man with whom she exchanged love wholeheartedly and sincerely in order to save her family from a difficult life, so will Nahid live happy?"
599,2016,Egypt,2.95,167,"(Rocky) grew up in his childhood with a dog called (Frisca) and suckled from it, which led to his acquiring some of the characteristics of dogs such as sniffing and pouncing on opponents, which qualifies him to participate in theft, and as soon as Lieutenant (eloquent) notices what Rocky has, he asks him Participation in a police operation against the dangerous criminal (Halawani Rose)."
600,1972,Egypt,3.55,14,"Attia al-Jablawi is a man obsessed with ownership, who imposes strict control on his family, whether his sister Tufaida, who tried to escape from the house to marry the one she loves, but soon returns after his death, or Samia, his daughter, who prevented her from going to school since her youth, and was sentenced to ignorance, Until fate brings her the pride of her brother Ahmed's colleague at the university."
601,1959,Egypt,3.55,14,"The events of the film revolve around the fisherman Mohsen, who wishes to marry Laila, the daughter of the chief Awais, who works for him. Later on in the artwork, and things evolve for Laila and Mohsen after this separation."
602,1956,Egypt,3.55,14,"An unemployed young man who is chased by creditors from all sides, a girl sympathizes with him, decides to hang himself, falls from the ceiling and his attempt fails, but in return finds money that was hidden in the ceiling, and he becomes rich."
603,1957,Egypt,3.4,18,"The Abu Taqiya family is hostile to the pasha, who obtained their land from a public auction. This is why the pasha has a daughter who falls in love with an agricultural engineer, and one of her relatives tries to marry her out of greed for her father's money."
604,1956,Egypt,3.4,18,"A young employee prepared to travel to Alexandria to work as a singer in one of its cabarets, but his friends take him to Ras El Bar, and in the resort he meets a young woman who caused him to stop him from traveling, as he caught a cold while he was trying to save her from drowning. She pretended that she was about to drown, and a love arises between them very quickly And her uncle sees them."
605,1975,Egypt,3.05,57,"Zarifa objects to the marriage of her daughter (Mona) to (Tahseen) because she wants her daughter to marry a wealthy person, unlike the father (Ashour) who blesses the marriage. Zarifa dies, and Ashour agrees with (Mona) on the date of their marriage, a humorous spirit appears to them and threatens them not to consummate the marriage."
606,1951,Egypt,3.45,16,"(Nadia) escapes from her mother's husband who forces her to work in a ballroom, who is imprisoned for inciting immorality, and (Nadia) marries a wealthy young man who does not know her past, and when he is released from her mother's husband, he searches for revenge, gets to know her husband, takes care of him, and shares with him In his company, and gaining his confidence, then he turned to blackmail (Nadia) with what he had pictures of her past past."
607,2015,The United Arab Emirates,3.35,19,"On the fifth anniversary of the death of (Hadi), who was one of their best friends for many years, (Ramy), (Omar) and (Yusef), three of his childhood friends who were separated by days, meet again, and they decide to take a road trip by car that extends from (Abu Dhabi) and even (Beirut), and they encounter many paradoxes on their journey, which turns this trip into an adventure that can only be repeated once in a lifetime."
608,1969,Egypt,3.2,28,"Members of one of the spy networks carry out their activities in a club headed by Abbas, who is not comfortable with the organization's agent Max, so he conspires against him and plots to kill him. The security services recruited Hoda to help Abbas on her behalf, and after a while Abdel Hafeez, who was like Max, hesitated to the night, and the members of the network believed that he had not died, and the security services took advantage of that resemblance."
609,1961,Egypt,3.2,28,"Salim tries to disrupt the activities of his rivals, the two brothers Fouad and Ahmed who work in a workshop they own in Abu Zaabal quarries, which raises Salim, who wants to control the entire stone supply market, and is looking for many means to achieve his purpose, such as terrorizing them with a group of outlaws and shedding one of the invaders To cause discord between the two brothers."
610,2016,Egypt,3.3,21,"(Hassan) and (Fatima) are a couple from the countryside, who work for (Murad). During the period of insecurity and prison break-in during the January 25 revolution, (Ali) cousin (Hassan) escapes from prison and goes to his cousin's house to hide with him, but (Murad) ) He discovers the old love relationship that gathered years ago between (Ali) and (Fatima), and the problems they had because of this relationship."
611,1969,Syria,3.3,21,"(Saber Effendi) works as a tailor for men, but his biggest problem is that he suffers from a great depression because of his lack of keeping pace with fashion and refuses to develop his ideas about fashion, until his wife (Hoda) who works in a Syrian magazine interested in fashion proposes to him to change his activity to become a tailor for women instead of Guys, to initiate a plan."
612,1993,Egypt,3.55,13,"Wajdi Hassanein, Adel Fahmy and Tariq Mansour are three friends celebrating their graduation from Alexandria University in a chalet in Ajami, where they drink wine and one of them finds a girl. And he refuses to leave them."
613,1936,Egypt,3.55,13,"Othman is a poor man, and his wife is persistent in her requests, and after suffering he finds a job as a watchman, on his first day of work, Azouz's shop is stolen, then Othman is accused of negligence, and he is dismissed from his work, and at the same time a friendship is established between Azouz and Othman, and they are both surprised that the head of the shop robbery gang looks like Othman too, prompting Othman to impersonate him in order to catch him."
614,2018,Egypt,3.1,41,"The film revolves around a comic about an opportunist called (Ali), who seeks to achieve his personal interests even if it is at the expense of others, and if he is surprised by the presence of his daughter (Ayten Amer) in his twenties, and the comedic paradoxes in which he falls from here begin."
615,2000,Egypt,3.15,33,"After the defeat of 1967, and the consequent displacement of the residents of the canal cities, (Samia) moves with her brother and his family to a city close to life in difficult circumstances with them, and is forced to marry without love from (Massad) the butcher, and at the same time she establishes a relationship with the student (Amer) Who you fall in love with."
616,1983,Egypt,3.15,33,"Khaled's wife and son Eman dies in a car accident while they are traveling with him on the desert road, and the husband survives, Khaled enters the hospital for a long time, then feels that he is responsible for losing his family due to his negligence in driving and gets addicted to the morphine injection that she used to during treatment, he enters Dr. Ahmed Hospital, which he is linked to. An old friendship, Dr. Ahmed's daughter, Laila, treats him, and during that a love story grows between them and he tries to cure his addiction."
617,1976,Egypt,3.15,33,"A love story brings together the widower engineer Helmy Abdel Qader, who works in the field of petroleum and has eight children from his late wife, and the young widow Samia and the mother of six children, and after each of them knows the truth about the large number of children they have after a long hiding, they get married and both begin to lay down a life order At home for things to run smoothly."
618,2013,Egypt,3.1,40,"A realistic drama film that depicts a very thorny issue, which is the issue of homosexuality, society's view of it, and the way the case's owners view society. Through the story of a young man with a homosexual tendency who lives in an average family, the film describes in a dramatic atmosphere the human side of this young man, and how he suffers within his social environment due to his deviation from the standards set by society."
619,2001,Egypt,3,74,"After nine months of pregnancy, hidden from the eyes, after having sex with (Shady), (Yasmine) gives birth to her newborn in her aunt's house, and her aunt takes her to the hospital, and the whole family becomes in a critical situation for what happened, and they try to understand what happened, how it happened, and how to find a solution for him."
620,2018,Egypt,2.95,134,"The film enters the world of the Friday Market that the poor go to every week, and travel with the existing merchants and their personal lives and their dealings with customers, and it is mixed with a tragic story in which a member of a terrorist group called (Malik) seeks to place a bomb among the people in the market to detonate it, after he delusions (Syed Khartoush) as an antiques dealer."
621,1956,Egypt,3.15,31,"Ismail lives in one of the popular neighborhoods, and next to his apartment his fiancée and mother live, but her mother was rejecting Ismail and almost differentiated between her daughter and him because of his work in the police because he sometimes required him to sleep outside the house, so he came back at the time people start their day when she thinks that her daughter deserves someone else."
622,1993,Egypt,3.2,26,"Love links between the university student Amina (Laila Elwi) and lawyer Ibrahim (Mahmoud Hamida), and due to many social and economic reasons and circumstances that prevent them from getting married at the present time, they decide to marry in the presence of friends as witnesses on the contract paper."
623,1980,Egypt,3.25,22,"Antar (Mahmoud Yassin) the poor Zabal falls in love with his son, a senior lawyer (Salah Nazmi) who lives in one of the properties that he cleans, so he proposes to her to propose to her, thinking that she is a servant, insulted and expelled by the father, so he decides to take revenge in his own way."
624,2013,Saudi Arabia,3.5,13,"The movie revolves around the girl (Oujda) who always dreamed of owning a green bike displayed in a toy store, although cycling is forbidden for girls, but she plans to save an amount of money sufficient to buy that bike, by selling some of her own items, But her plan is revealed, and she finds herself facing only one way, which is to participate in and win a competition to memorize the Qur'an in order to fulfill her dream of owning that green bike."
625,1981,Egypt,3.15,30,
626,1978,Egypt,3.15,30,"After Mona sought refuge with her uncle to live with him after the death of her parents, Mona falls in love with the famous writer Mahmoud Hussein, and he in turn shares her same feelings, but what hinders this love story is his marriage to Laila, who suffers from a heart disease, so Mona in turn marries a man Another named Abdul Rahim and she had children with him, but everything changes after an accident happens to Mahmoud."
627,1975,Egypt,3.3,19,"The news of the death of the Egyptian scientist Raouf is spread after his disappearance, but his famous daughter cooperates with the journalist Sami Wahdan in search of her father, to find him hidden in Beirut for fear of secret papers that include the entirety of his research that a gang wants to steal from him."
628,1951,Egypt,3.3,19,"The rich man, Farid Omar Salat Baba, dies and writes to his family members all his money, but on one condition, which is that they stay in a palace located in the belly of the mountain for a whole month, with the aim of bringing them all together, but the family members do not know that Murad Effendi intends to take over Palace for himself, and therefore he invents many misfortunes for family members."
629,2016,Egypt,2.95,125,"First Lieutenant Ismat Abu Shanab (Yasmine Abdel Aziz) is a police officer working in an administrative position, and she tries in various ways to strive to work on difficult tasks, and the opportunity comes to her after a powerful employee specializing in women's rights visits her workplace, and joins to work with Major Hassan Abu Daqin (Zafer al-Abidin ) Who treats her hard at first, then quickly trusts her abilities and falls in love with her."
630,1958,Egypt,3.4,15,"Fayza grows up in a family that has pursued a deviant course, where the mother and two sisters work in forbidden work, and they try to drag their sister Fayza to walk the path of vice, but she refuses and insists that she will follow her own path, studying to become a school, and decides to move to the countryside to move away from her family, but In the countryside you find evils of another kind, and temptations that try to prolong them."
631,1952,Egypt,3.4,15,"One of the two employees working in a company succeeds in getting a job for his newly graduated son in the company he works for, but the son feels all the time ashamed of his father's job, gets to know a dancer, and marries her despite his father's opposition, to a surprise that changes the course of events."
632,1986,Syria,3.65,10,"The legal advisor (Azmi Bey) refuses to sign the budget for the celebration of the tap project when he finds that the celebration budget is twice what was spent on the project itself, so he dismisses his work, and decides to write a comprehensive and complete report supported with pictures on all the daily jokes he sees in the hope Present it to the higher authorities."
633,1984,Egypt,3.15,29,"Nafisa al-Kharboutli marries a poor singer and escapes with him, the husband dies immediately after the birth of his son Yusef, poverty intensifies for the wife and her child, she tries to correspond with her family to no avail, after they acquit her and consider her from the dead, she begins to enlighten her child with the family tree, and grow up and draw up a full-fledged plan to get rid of The rest of the men of the Harboutli family."
634,2001,Egypt,3.25,21,"The surgeon, Hamzah, commits a mistake that leads to the death of a child and is sentenced to imprisonment and is prevented from practicing the profession."
635,1991,Egypt,3.25,21,"Al-Shawish Hassan (Farid Shawqi) continues to work in the Anti-Narcotics Department of the Police with vigor and activity despite his over the age of fifty, and devotes himself to raising his son and daughter in the best way, but what was not taken into account is the son's acquaintance with an addicted dancer who in turn pushes him into the paths of addiction, Which made him neglect his studies and sports, and from here the father intervenes to try to remedy the matter and push his son to stop addiction."
636,1954,Egypt,3.25,21,"Samira and Hoda are two sincere friends, the first one falls in love with Farid, who deceives her and then gets pregnant from him, and extorts her money and threatens her after she marries a wealthy young man, claiming that she has participated in the murder of a rich man on the day she encountered him before, and the young man whom she will marry is the brother of her friend Hoda, Farid sends her threatening letters, but she arrives in Hoda's name, and events escalate."
637,1987,Egypt,3.2,24,"The poor widow, Umm al-Khair, raises her children Yusef, Ruqaya and Aisha. Ruqaya aspires to be rich, and as such, she surrenders to the architect of Al-Dandarawi."
638,1985,Egypt,3.2,24,"In the fourth story of (The Harafish Epic), His Eminence Al-Naji, the grandson of Ashour Al-Naji, decides to marry Mahalabiah, but the problem is that there are those who want to marry her, and he is Qulali, the neighborhood's youth. , And he fled towards Upper Egypt."
639,1973,Egypt,3.05,46,
640,1954,Egypt,3.3,18,"The composer Ibrahim (Imad Hamdi) is afflicted with an unknown state of stupor and forgetfulness, and he enters into an emotional relationship with Rajia (Faten Hamama), whose father tries to force her to associate with her cousin, and thinks that he is more suitable for her than (Ibrahim), and events develop into an attempt to find out the reason The true symptom of the amazement that befalls the composer (Ibrahim) until the sudden accident that he was exposed to is revealed."
641,1987,Egypt,3.35,16,"Nadia travels with her husband Kamal to Tunisia to relax after she recovered from her mental illness, and Nadia witnesses more than one crime in front of her, and upon contacting the police, it becomes clear that the matter is nothing but an illusion, but Nadia insists that it is true, and Nadia knows the Egyptian Ganaini Baraka who reveals to her the truth what happens."
642,1970,Egypt,3.35,16,"(Sabah), the famous singer, agrees that her daughter (Howayda) will travel to work in Cairo at a nightclub. Howayda gets to know Sharif and loves him. Sheriff tells his father Hassan of his desire to marry Howaida, the father denounces his son's behavior, as he had previously stood against his brother Ali's marriage to Howaida's mother and he still lives memories of his love for her."
643,1945,Egypt,3.35,16,"After Suad graduates from boarding school, she goes to stay with her father, stepmother, and daughter, who treat her roughly. Suad falls in love with Rauf, a family friend who shares the same feelings, but her stepmother tries to marry him to her daughter to escalate events."
644,1977,Egypt,3.25,20,"After all the property and money of her father, the pasha, was nationalized after the revolution of the twenty-third of July 1952, Faten, the daughter of the pasha, travels to Morocco to search for work that provides her with a livelihood, to get to know Elias, who convinces her to work as a singer in a nightclub, but events change when she meets the Egyptian officer Mahmoud, will you return with him to Egypt?"
645,1953,Egypt,3.2,23,"Amal is a thin girl who lives with her at home, her friend Fatima, who loves Dr. Mamdouh. As for Amal, whom engineer Ahmed loves, one day Amal listens to Dr. Mamdouh's conversation with her father, through which she learns that her health condition is very dangerous and that Amal puts a plan to keep her lover away from her."
646,2009,Egypt,2.95,109,"The Dictator movie revolves around a satirical political framework, about a ruler who detracts from those who reject or object to his orders, which everyone fears because of his extreme dictatorship. Many situations and events revolve between him and his twins that deal with the crises of the average citizen until a violent surprise occurs that turns things upside down."
647,1984,Egypt,3.1,33,"A strange man arrives at the fishermen's village, searches for his illegitimate child to hand him his inheritance and dies, and leaves the money in trust with the chief fisherman."
648,1981,Egypt,3.1,33,"(Al-Dinari) is a well-known and powerful girl. One of his begging men (Shata Al Hajri) is assigned to test the behavior of (Wedad) one of the girls in the neighborhood in order to marry her. Love combines Shata and Wadad, so they decide to flee to another neighborhood and get married. (Al Shibli) informs the new neighborhood girl about what happened He is one of the staunch enemies of diamonds, and decides to break his prestige by raping Wedad in front of her husband's eyes."
649,1958,Syria,3.3,17,"The events of the movie revolve around an insurance company that insures people's lives, but after a while it was noticed that many people whose lives were insured had disappeared, so the company decided to send two people to Beirut to uncover the truth."
650,2018,Lebanon,3.25,19,"A girl who works as a DJ, lives alone and has her own world, which is characterized by chaos, and she meets a young man who works as a teacher, who is serious and organized, which means that their personalities differ and contradict each other, which causes them to fall into many comic situations."
651,1956,Egypt,3.2,22,"The events of the movie revolve around three people, they are the police officer, the gang man and the undertaker, each of them has a story. First, the police officer is the one who discovered the gang but did not arrest them because they knew that he discovered them and was killed, and the gang is a gang based on stealing antiques and statues from museums, As for the sponsor, he works on burying statues."
652,1953,Egypt,3.2,22,"Laila is a beautiful and gentle woman who lives with her grandfather in the great palace and prevents her from going out or meeting strangers. The Basha travels for Hajj, leaving Laila with her uncle to keep her, and Anwar and his colleague Shafak come to fix the broken phone in the palace, so Anwar falls in love with Laila, thinking that she is a housemaid and they agree to marry."
653,1987,Egypt,3.1,32,"A clash occurs between a taxi driven by Hussein in the car of Nevin, the daughter of millionaire Ratib Barakat, which leads to the destruction of the taxi, so he drags her to the police station. Hussein decides to take revenge by kidnapping Nevin to an abandoned place."
654,1990,Egypt,3.45,12,"Rustom hastens the death of his wealthy wife Tafidah until he inherits her. The spouses Majdi and Mona kidnap Tafidah, threatening to kill her if he does not hand them over a large sum of money. Rustom refuses and finds an opportunity to get rid of her."
655,1996,Egypt,3.1,31,"(Batta), (Sakina) and (Nawal) are three girls friends from one neighborhood, they work and live in constant struggle with difficult social conditions and amputated love stories, and they dream about marriage, but they move from one problem to another, and from one failure to another, but they cling to the love of life Until the last breath."
656,1969,Egypt,3.1,31,"A singing troupe hires a theater on which to stage its performances, and attacks Al-Thara (Ahmed Alawi) in magazines, and Fahmy, Ahmed Alawi's director of work, reads the magazine, and they go to the band and attend the band's training, and the director Ahmed Alawi watches and does not know him, and is convinced that he is completely similar to Ahmed Alawi and Ahmed assigns him the roles in the show And he changes his name to Ahmed Ashmawy, intending to disguise, and decides to finance the show, and Fahmy goes and presents this suggestion to the director and becomes a partner in the band."
657,1975,Egypt,3.15,25,"The illness is severe for Sabreen's mother, and her aunt visits them to check on her sister's health. The father is attracted to the aunt and weaves her nets to make him fall in love with her to marry her instead of her sick sister. The mother dies for a long time after she learns of her husband's intention to marry her sister. At the Police College, after Sabreen was attracted to him and promised to marry her, but the aunt is determined to marry her foolish son Muhammad, to ensure her service for the whole family."
658,1953,Egypt,3.3,16,"The father takes care of his daughter after her mother leaves her, and she is busy with her work, and for his sake, she leaves her husband and her child, the child goes to work with her father, she does not find someone to take care of her, and one day she is the cause of an accident for her father, and she feels her guilt and escapes so that she does not fall under penalty. The parent starts looking for her."
659,1952,Egypt,3.3,16,"In an interesting dramatic setting, the movie revolves around a wealthy person who dies and leaves a will for the family, and this will states that his entire wealth has been hidden in an unknown place in his palace and whoever finds it is all his right, so family life turns into one goal, which is to obtain wealth."
660,1970,Egypt,3.25,18,Three men and a woman go on a long and risky journey in order to search for an amount of money in the middle of the desert in an atmosphere of excitement .. And in the midst of these conflicts a love story is born .. So does love or money win in the end?
661,1949,Egypt,3.25,18,"The film revolves around Munir, the singer and telegraph employee who tries to establish himself in the world of art, and in the meantime he gets to know a dancer named Nadia, and a love relationship is established between them, but this relationship is interrupted due to what the dance coach Ghazal Shikaboom told him about his relationship with Nadia, and then he meets Mounir, a wealthy girl who was trying to commit suicide, to change his life"
662,1963,Egypt,3.35,14,"The trio of stage lights (the guest - Samir - George) tries to meet the artist (Sabah), but her busyness causes her to postpone the interview. While they are in the TV building, they carry out many adventures, believing that the TV guard is trying to expel them, and during that they meet the singers (Shadia, Fayza Ahmed, Maha Sabry, Najat Al Saghira) and the dancer (Najwa Fouad) during their performance of her artistic paragraph."
663,1959,Egypt,3.35,14,"Nadia and Dr. Raafat fall in love, but Nadia's sister, Nawal, covets Rafat, who will achieve her dreams, so she succeeds in winning him over and they get married. Then Nawal gets to know Dr. Rushdie, who is known for his messiness and bad behavior, and he can sneak into the heart of Nawal, whose husband is busy with his patients, falls into sin with him and resorts to the help of her sister Nadia."
664,2019,Yemen,3.8,7,"A series of circumstances and obstacles stand in front of two lovers who stayed only 10 days from their wedding, and they stem from the post-war conditions that erupted in 2015."
665,1953,Egypt,3.3,15,"A girl learns the craft of pickpocketing, and joins one of the gangs that exploits her in her business, and after a period that narrows down from a life of corruption and hates her presence in this gang, the head of the gang asks her to steal a precious jewel owned by a wealthy person, and the plan was for this girl to claim that she is the sister of the millionaire's nephew, And to invite her to visit him and to get to know his uncle."
666,1952,Egypt,3.3,15,"The events of the film revolve around (Samir), the hardworking young man who finishes his university studies, and his sweetheart (Ilham) seeks to help him to work on the lands owned by her mother, which is managed by her stepfather, and at the same time, Rushdie competes with Samir in love with inspiration. To remove him from his way in order to be able to seize the inheritance, so he coordinates with his mistress in order to implicate the mother's husband in a moral scandal and blackmails him on this basis in order to obey him."
667,1949,Egypt,3.3,15,"Yasmina, Shushu, and Susu are three siblings trying to make a living working in a nightclub. Yasmina gets gambling money from Adel, who fell in love with her and considers it a debt that must be repaid."
668,1970,Egypt,3.25,17,"A princess, a flight attendant and daughter of a foreign minister, marries fellow pilot Hassan Ramzy. Her husband, pilot Hassan, disappears in mysterious circumstances on the wedding night. A princess grieves for a while, until she is pressured to get engaged to Kamal, who is also a pilot, and the marriage is agreed upon in Cairo, On the honeymoon, the father of the bride knows the return of the ex-husband, Hassan."
669,2015,Egypt,3.05,37,"The events of the film revolve around five young men who wake up from their sleep, and find themselves trapped inside an abandoned place, they do not know the reason for their presence, and they do not remember their identity, or who brought them to this place, then the young people enter on a long journey to search for the reason for their presence in this place from the origin."
670,2019,Egypt,3.45,11,"The work deals with the story of three different personalities, the first trying to pursue his career in singing, the second a dreamy Christian woman who falls in love with a young Muslim, while the third works in the field of sports training."
671,1958,Egypt,3.4,12,"The teacher, Abbas, is a man full of whispers that one of his close friends cultivates inside him who hopes to marry his wife, teacher Tuha, after separating her and her husband Abbas, so the man plotted for teacher Abbas, which led him to prison to seize this opportunity and try to get closer to his wife."
672,1986,Egypt,3.15,23,"The film is based on the final part of the novel Al-Harafish by Naguib Mahfouz. In the Old Cairo area and in the era of the fatwas and the Harafish, the Fatwa Hasuna al-Saba '(Hamdi Ghaith) imposes great royalties on the people of the neighborhood and exaggerates their persecution and humiliation. Hassouna persecutes the family of Ashour al-Naji (Izzat al-Alayli), whose conditions fluctuate between wealth and extreme poverty."
673,1977,Egypt,3.15,23,
674,1962,Egypt,3.15,23,"Adel and Amal get to know during their return from a cruise, love ties them together, they pledge to get married after six months and that the date will be at the Cairo Tower, Adel sermon Khadija and lives from her money, also addresses Amal to an Anatolian rich man who is a rich man, Alaa, brother of Amal, joins a group of thieves They plan to seize Khatib Amal's money."
675,1951,Egypt,3.15,23,"The events of the film revolve around a happy couple, but the wife's mother works to spoil the relationship between the spouses, and indeed she succeeded in spoiling the relationship and the divorce took place despite the couple's love for each other, and also succeeded in marrying her daughter again from a wealthy person."
676,1958,Egypt,3.5,10,"The mayor agrees to marry his daughter Zainab to her cousin against her will, so she escapes and her cousin is determined to kill her if he finds her. She arrives in Cairo and encounters a young doctor who is sheltering her. They love and agree to marry upon his return from a mission in Europe after three years, but she gets pregnant from him, and she joins a singing group."
677,1971,Egypt,3.1,28,"(Mona) is a poor girl who works as a simple employee in a bank and supports her family. Under the pressure of need, her father's illness, and her mother's pressure, who insists on her to increase her income, she takes a lover for her, who is a rich, old businessman."
678,1963,Egypt,3.35,13,"Essam's family is preparing to move from Alexandria to Cairo, and while moving the furniture Essam notices that two of the transport workers are hiding a crime, and he disappears into the furniture truck, and when he disappears inside the car, he did not imagine that the happiness of his mother Raja and his father Magdy had ended, and he fell asleep to wake up And he finds the driver and his assistant trying to hide the traces of a heinous crime, and he became the only one who knows the secret, and at the same time he became a danger that must be eliminated."
679,2014,Egypt,2.9,294,"The events of the film revolve around Alaa Al-Farsi (Ahmed Helmy) who owns a children's playroom, but the shop achieves low sales, and for this reason he is forced to obtain a loan from a bank, and one day, strangely enough, his sister (Alaa's) wish comes true to turn the latter into A panda bear, and becoming a panda bear is (Ala), which results in a great confusion in his life, but in return he shows him bright sides that he did not realize before, and makes him think about how to develop his children's home."
680,2016,Egypt,3.05,35,"The film revolves around a comic about a curse that affects an abandoned theater, which was supposed to devolve to Bakri (Amr Abdel Jalil), and when he finds out about the curse, he tries to nullify it, which occurs to him when he is in this place."
681,1974,Egypt,3.15,22,"Four of the thieves break into a house, steal its wealth and kill the owner of the house, his wife and daughter, and set the house on fire, but (Ahmed) was hiding under the bed watching the criminals, (Ahmed) grows up and becomes a karate hero in the club, and after he knows that (Saber) who was unjustly accused of the crime Out of prison, he decides to take revenge on his family's killers."
682,2006,Egypt,2.95,83,"Laila is an independent fashion designer in her livelihood, and she joins the same company that Essam works for, who had unpleasant knowledge in the past, but they are quickly drawn to each other, especially with the apathy he suffers from in his marriage, and Laila's lover escapes from her."
683,1979,Egypt,3.25,16,"(Rashid) kidnaps the student (Ismat) and takes her to his home, to be surprised before he attacks her with the thief (Rauf) who saves her and kills him and escapes with her."
684,1959,Egypt,3.25,16,"Abdul Hamid loses his father, if not for his wallet, Hussein finds Abdel Hamid's wallet, but Hussein goes to Abdel Hamid and returns his wallet to him without decreasing to Amanat Hussein, and he refuses the money that Abdul Hamid offers him, so he finds only to join him to work in their department, and if it were not for the courtship with him in order to forget her life With Aziz, she asks him to work for her."
685,1984,Egypt,3.3,14,"Saber, a wealthy merchant, falls in love with the young girl, Soraya. His son Sharif rejects that relationship and predicts failure. The merchant marries Soraya and the infallibility is in her hand, Sharif leaves his father's house and works in a car repair shop, Sharif falls in love with the shopkeeper's daughter, Laila, and Soraya seizes Saber's wealth and then divorces him. Sharif gets to know Soraya and seeks revenge for his father."
686,1950,Egypt,3.3,14,"Tayseer Bey El-Nozhi, the owner of a knitting factory, lives with his son Ahmed, and he marries a playful woman after the death of his wife, Kawthar Hanim, who always deludes her husband that he is sick and has to stick to boiled food always, and his son Ahmed at the same time loves the girl Naamat, but the father's woman wants to marry him From her daughter, she plotted to bless, together with her lover, boxing champion Faraj."
687,1985,Egypt,3.05,34,"The simple young man (Ali Mazhar) dreams of getting rich quickly because he believes that he possesses supernatural mental powers, and indeed begins to fulfill his dream when he gets to know the businessman (excellent) and works with him, and at the same time he falls in love with (Hasania), who he thinks is one of the rich, to be shocked by a series of surprises in His journey."
688,1974,Egypt,3.05,34,"The film revolves around Samir, Ahmed and Sherif, the officers in the Navy who return to their homes and their wives on leave for 24 hours only after an absence of 6 months at sea. And instead of finding love and welcome after a long absence, their wives meet them with complete coldness and emotions due to the wives 'doubts about the sincerity of the husbands' feelings and their love throughout Travel time."
689,1960,Egypt,3.6,8,"A social movie, it deals with the suffering of a blind girl through her daily life, and the difficulties she encounters as a result of her blindness. The work illustrates the idea that the absence of an important sense of the world does not mean the end of the world, but rather it is necessary to rise and rely on oneself."
690,2020,Egypt,3,47,"In a context of drama mixed with a lot of suspense and excitement, two strangers break into Yasmine's house on a fateful mission to steal something important, and Yasmine tries to escape from them in vain. To what extent will you be able to withstand them?"
691,2014,Egypt,3.4,11,"The two students make a trip to the Agami area in the Alexandria governorate, and they think that it is a normal trip, as the aim of that trip is to complete some practical projects and studies for their studies. Soon, however, things will turn their way around in an exciting and strange way."
692,2012,Egypt,3.4,11,"In this documentary film, the director (Amir Ramses) tries to trace the history of the Jewish community in (Egypt) throughout the first half of the twentieth century until the arrival of President (Gamal Abdel Nasser) to power, which was followed by the exit of the majority of Jews from (Egypt) after the growing feelings of hostility Against them, as the film runs parallel to many personal interviews with a number of Egyptian Jews, and their stories about the years they lived in (Egypt) before the exodus."
693,1955,Egypt,3.4,11,"The son of a wealthy man, who sees in himself the talent of music, and wants to walk the path of art, but his father, the owner of the factories, refuses to have his son a musician, so he expels him from his home, his rich father announces a competition for the name of a producer he manufactures, which is soap, his son submits with a name that his father agrees with And he wins the prize, this amount is sufficient to finance the theater he wished to work in, and to reach fame through his singing performances."
694,1950,Egypt,3.4,11,"Taher Sharaf, the simple employee in a company, is unfairly accused of embezzlement despite the fact that the son of the company owner is the actual perpetrator, and the employee is imprisoned, and his two daughters Nemat and Zainab suffer from the cruelty of life. Unexpectedly."
695,1998,Egypt,3.15,21,"Officer (Hussam) succeeds in arresting Dr. (Riad), who is sentenced to death in a murder case, but he discovers other dimensions of the crime that indicate the involvement of a mafia trading in narcotic pills in order to (Hussam) seek to uncover this mafia."
696,1979,Egypt,3.25,15,"Rabab, the wife of the businessman Abdul Rahim, who is a doctor of gynecology and obstetrics, lives in a state of routine, but this daily melody is not disturbed by the joyful curiosity of Abdul Rahim's sister who searches every big and small in the house, and Rabab becomes pregnant after several years of sterility, and suspicion seeps He has about his childbearing abilities, his love being changed and the joyful lives of the two filled."
697,1955,Egypt,3.25,15,"A lost girl who has neither a shelter nor a helper after the death of her father, from time to time she passes by the owner of the oven and the old woman is sympathetic to her. Sometimes his son turns her back, but the sheikh collapses in front of her and becomes attached to her, and soon he marries her and lives with the sheikh, his wife and his son."
698,1956,Egypt,3.1,25,"Salwa (Magda) differs greatly from her sister Laila (Amal Farid), for Salwa is an example of literature, morals and respect, unlike her sister Laila and her friend Buthaina (Kariman). They dream of freedom and going without restrictions or limits. When he discovers the great difference between their temperament, Khaled begins to tend to her sister Salwa, who was silently loving and loving."
699,2006,Egypt,2.9,233,"Love combines (Omar) and (Alia) as Omar decides to marry her. However, he discovers that her sister (Fatima) works in a bar and is notorious. Since childhood, but they do not find happiness, to escalate events."
700,1953,Egypt,3.3,13,"Khairy Madbouly is a poor young man with a melodious voice and tremendous musical talent. He falls in love with the wealthy Suhair, and her father rejects this marriage, and Khairy tries to walk the path that brings him glory and money."
701,1984,Egypt,3.15,20,"In the forties, the policeman (imam) moves to Cairo to work in an area designated for the practice of prostitution, and there he falls in love with the prostitute (Nousa) who works with the bully Jalal without knowing that she is practicing this profession, an imam defends her and hits one of the English soldiers who tries to block her path and assault her He is tried and dismissed from service, then he returns to the neighborhood and searches for work, then turns into a pimp."
702,1951,Egypt,3.15,20,"Thabit and Jamil are unemployed. They trick the owner of a circus so he sends his men to chase them. Jamil hides inside a shipped box to Cairo, followed by Thabet, and in Cairo they meet a girl whose parents have passed away. The girl falls in constant love, her aunt knows the truth about this relationship, and tries to spoil her as she plans to marry her to her lover, on the condition that they share the wealth of the girl's father."
703,1974,Egypt,3,44,"Some vacationers get to know each other in Alexandria during their summer vacation, including three young men who are being treated for mental illnesses, including three girls who are classed with their strict father, and love combines every young man and woman, and they agree to marry."
704,1993,Egypt,3.05,30,"The film revolves around Dr. Wasel (Nour Al-Sharif), who returns to his country after obtaining his doctorate from the Soviet Union, is appointed a professor at the university and marries his ex-girlfriend. In one of his scientific tours, he gets two strange flowers, on which he conducts tests after noticing their strange behavior, and extracts from them a drug that enables him to move through time to any era he wants, returning to the time of his ancestors and discovering a treasure buried in his home, and in the search for treasure the course of events changes completely."
705,1957,Egypt,3.4,10,"(Tahira) a pious girl, a dangerous thief comes to her room, who had stolen a jewelry store in the neighborhood, then the police chased him and took refuge in her room. She had to be policed, thinking that she was conspiring with him to steal gold jewelry."
706,2016,Egypt,3.15,19,"A week in the life of (Iman), in which she tries to persuade one of her family's men to attend her little sister's sermon on behalf of their deceased father, as dictated by the inherited social traditions that she always believes in and puts her in mind."
707,2011,Egypt,2.9,205,"The events of the film are divided into two parts, the first part in which the character (Hizloum) returns again, and its events take place in the planet (Revo) in space, and (Hizlium) impersonates the leader of the planet because of his similarity with him, and in the second part, Dick tries to protect their farm animals from wolves And the hyenas that surround the farm, and impose royalties on them."
708,1956,Egypt,3.1,23,"The events of the movie take place in a military hospital when a single non-commissioned officer in the Navy arrives, and a patient with a kidney whose days in life are numbered, and all the inmates of the same ward in which he is housed tries to comfort him, and the nurse in charge of him wooes him and tries to release him from his distress and sadness And his delusion, and soon this friendliness turns into love."
709,1969,Palestine,3.45,9,"A mischievous Palestinian youth lives a frail life, without any commitment to his stolen country, but he loses one of the dear ones and decides to turn to the struggle, he is trained in special operations, and in one of these operations, the Israeli occupation forces besiege him, but with his skill he breaks the siege, and escapes back to the base that The fedayeen camp, and prepare himself for a new operation after learning a new experience."
710,2015,Egypt,2.9,202,"Rami, Hani, Mutasim, and Yasser al-Joub, four teenagers studying in one secondary school, and because of Rami's great admiration for the playful girl and the daughter of their school principal, the four friends find themselves being pursued by the security forces on charges of trying to assassinate the Minister of the Interior, a drug dealer, and a terrorist organization."
711,2015,Egypt,3.3,12,"The events of the film revolve around two strangers from each other who meet by chance in downtown Cairo, (Muhammad Farid), who suffers from cancer on his way to meet a German doctor in Cairo, and (Nahid al-Sebaei) who meets him on her wedding day. Their lives changed drastically."
712,1951,Egypt,3.3,12,"Sabaa Effendi is a simple employee who suffers from his boss at work, as well as the relative of his beloved whom he wants to marry, to dream that all his problems have been solved, and that he lives a happy life, and when he wakes up he decides to stand in the face of his problems and marry his girl, so will he succeed?"
713,1985,Egypt,3.15,18,"Sahar loves singing and hopes to meet the great singer Wahid so that he can hear her voice, she escapes from her town and succeeds in setting a date for his meeting, at the same time Ramadan, who is the owner of a gas station on the desert road and loves composing, looks to meet him, uses the nails to disable the cars to fix them, Sahar's car breaks down on its way For the appointment."
714,1982,Egypt,3.15,18,"Omar and Mukhlis have been friends since childhood, but Mukhlas always feels that Omar is superior to him, so he is enraged and jealous, Omar enters into an investment project funded by his rich friend Sami, Omar meets with Dina, a university colleague, the mother agrees to marry her daughter to Omar, he is excel in his work, and tries Sincerely to sign between them."
715,1974,Egypt,3.15,18,"(Hanan) is a young, attractive and beautiful girl, who works as a secretary for the singer (Mamdouh). To search for a job, he must leave the country immediately."
716,2010,Egypt,2.9,185,"Ibrahim Toshka lives the illusion of stardom, and dreams of acting despite his lack of talent, and when his dreams dissipate, he begins to circumvent his reality through sloppiness that sometimes reaches to fraud and fraud, so he buys mobile lines and sells calls to people without paying the bills and then creates an illegal network of satellite channels, so he gets into trouble after another."
717,1953,Egypt,3.2,15,"Ali is a talented singer, romantically linked to the daughter of a retired musician. After a while, the conditions of the musician's family worsen, prompting the girl to work as a singer in one of the nightclubs owned by her mother's lover, and when the girl learns of her mother's relationship, the girl claims that she is the one who has a relationship with the nightclub owner in order to save her mother's reputation."
718,1976,Egypt,3.25,13,"The film revolves around a handsome young man named Nader who lives the rich life with his widowed mother (Nazik), and is supervised by his father's friend (Saleh) who runs their company. Nader discovers an emotional relationship between his mother and (Saleh) that storms his thinking He tries to take revenge on his mother by having an affair with a prostitute called Mimi."
719,1953,Egypt,3.25,13,"The movie revolves around a married couple who had love, but intense quarrels between the husband and wife intensified until they reached the court to separate them, but the ruling was in favor of the husband, and the wife entered the rule of obedience to her husband."
720,2002,Egypt,2.95,63,"(Samira) and (Hamdi) are married in a traditional marriage and neither of them gets the sexual satisfaction that satisfies them because of problems rooted with them since childhood, and Samira finds that the solution to their problem is going to the clinic of Dr. Trying to solve their sexual problems."
721,2013,Egypt,2.95,62,"As part of a comedic thriller; The movie revolves around a popular band that includes Oka, Ortega and their third friend Shehata. The three try to present their art through small singing concerts, and at a school party, everyone is surprised by a kidnapping and the three friends are accused. From here, events begin to develop as Azarina tries (Mai Kassab"
722,1965,Egypt,3.3,11,"Hoda and her sister live in Mount Lebanon where they have a rest on the road, and through the tourist delegations that come to the place, they get to know the tourist guide Adel, she loves Hoda the guide without feeling her emotions, but he loves her sister who shares the same feeling with him. Hoda knows the news and decides to work in a nightclub."
723,1988,Egypt,3.05,26,"Qamar was killed on her wedding day due to a stray shot, so her husband Jalal decided to take revenge, and resorted to magic in order to reach eternity, and he became evil and drowned in sin, so everyone decided to get rid of him"
724,1987,Egypt,3,36,"Jaber Abdel Ghaffar lives on theft of goods in Alexandria port, and one day he is arrested and deported to the army to perform military service, he flees from the army to Italy illegally, after arriving in Italy suffering from the hardship of living, then he goes to a work office affiliated with the Mossad, so he decides to deal with them and offer his services to work as a spy"
725,1968,Egypt,3.2,14,"The shy young man Kamal is related to his university colleague Nadia, who travels with her family and spends several years outside Egypt after Kamal promises to wait for her, and during her travel period Kamal changes and Koko becomes the famous fashion designer and the multiplicity of his female relationships, Nadia returns to Egypt with her family and tries to hide the change that has affected During her absence from Egypt, but she discovers the truth of his change and deceit, so she tries to take revenge on him by claiming that there is a relationship she had with his cousin, so what will happen and how will the situation between Kamal and his club end?"
726,1953,Egypt,3.2,14,"(Zaatar) works with (Malabsah) in the representative group directed by (Johar), and when (Jawhar) learns about the story of Ibn (Negati Pasha) who disappeared twenty years ago and did not have any evidence for him, then (Johar) proposes to (Thyme) to impersonate The son, and Zatar, in turn, is in the bliss of life with the family of (Negati Pasha), but he soon learns that the preacher (Hiyam), the daughter of (Negati Pasha), is embezzling the Pasha's money, and Zaatar feels guilty over time for what he does with this family."
727,1963,Egypt,3.1,20,"Qandil goes out after spending ten years in a mental hospital, and all this time he is looking for a job without success, and everyone is afraid of him, and he decides to open an office specialized in solving problems."
728,1958,Egypt,3.25,12,"(Salah) and his cousin (Suad) live a love story and make a vow to marry, and one day, his uncle assigns him the task of collecting revenues from the castle, and there he meets (Aziza Lula), the playful girl who succeeds in seducing him, and she tells him later that she is pregnant with his child, so the young man falls In a deep confusion between his love for his cousin and his attraction to Aziza, and in the midst of all this, there is a great surprise that is the marriage of Souad to Salah's uncle."
729,1952,Egypt,3.25,12,"(Wahid) is a medical student, who lives with a scientist who invented a chemical compound that makes him invisible. Wahid falls in love with (Salwa). It is also the same feelings, but her father refuses Wahid, a medical student, and prefers his daughter to marry Taher, and Wahid exploits this chemical powder. To reach his beloved Salwa."
730,1988,Egypt,3.05,25,"The work deals with the story of the widowed schoolgirl (Hoda), who suffers from problems with her husband's brother who wants to seize her inheritance with her and her children, and the problems between them reach the courts, at the same time trying to help a young student who carried a thug from a classmate, which puts her in great problems that upset her life Upside down ."
731,1976,Egypt,3.15,16,"The spouses (Sherif) and (Fikri) suffer from their wives' constant preoccupation, so (Sherif's) wife works as a model, and Fikri's wife is busy giving private lessons. One of the workers ordered that apartment, and the events escalated."
732,2018,United States of America,3.5,7,"Jad and Rania, a Lebanese couple living in New York City, are faced with a difficult decision - to continue living abroad and follow their dreams or return home and succumb to convention."
733,1990,Syria,3.5,7,"In a mountain village called Kafron, Wadud works as a bed in the village school, where he plays the role of a henchman, and establishes friendship and love relationships with young students, so he sings and plays with them, but the rocks of Wadud's mother make him difficult for his quiet life by pressing for revenge for his father's killer and refuses to marry him his fiancée before he He does so, she brings to the school a new teacher named Nour, the daughter of the luxury city that does not adapt easily to the atmosphere of the countryside, but soon loves this world."
734,1948,Egypt,3.5,7,"An upright employee is put in an unenviable position when he is accused of killing his manager because of his being in the wrong place at the wrong time, and the wife is forced to work in the night halls to spend on her children."
735,1990,Egypt,3,34,"The police follow the activity of a robbery and pickpocketing gang led by the professor and his daughter shares with him emotions at work, and Lieutenant-Colonel Salah, who is in charge of arresting this gang, who suffers from the influence of his wealthy wife, who gets rid of her through divorce, is freed from her chains, but falls in love with the pickpocket's emotions and marries her in the hope of revealing the hellish methods For the gang in thefts."
736,2017,Egypt,2.9,147,"The film revolves around two brother witches, Taha and Rashad Al-Shennawi (Ahmed El-Fishawi) and (Amr Waked), who prepare for a magic trick capable of releasing their innocent father from prison."
737,1954,Egypt,3.1,19,Khafif Abu al-Qatayef and Latif are two journalists who work for the Fresh News Company. They receive news of a dangerous gang to smuggle money through a former member of the gang called Shaheen.
738,1959,Egypt,3.35,9,"The movie revolves around an interesting drama about a young employee who loves his female colleague in the company, and tries to cover her up after knowing that she embezzled part of the company's money, and he is accused of embezzlement, and then gets involved in killing her husband, and tries to escape."
739,1942,Egypt,3.3,10,"The prosecutor (Kamel) succeeds in convicting (Othman Burai) the drug dealer, and (Burai's) wife decides to take revenge on the prosecutor, and he breaks out between him and his wife (Samiha). He discovers the truth and tries to search for it. He knows that she has jumped in the Nile, so he travels with the son outside the country."
740,1986,Egypt,3.2,13,"(Taher) returns from exile and informs his two sons (Essam) and (Omar) the secret of his burial of a bag full of gold and jewels in the garden of the villa that he owned before his exile. The villa, and events unfold."
741,1984,Egypt,3.4,8,"Fathi works as a journalist and is married to Suheir, a successful TV presenter, while Fathi suffers from failure to not publish any article for him, or even a news story since his appointment, the husband tries to achieve fame by committing a fake murder and presents the police with an unknown mutilated corpse that he gets from a store."
742,1976,Egypt,3.4,8,"Nawal dedicates her life to her scientific research. Meanwhile, she meets engineer Adel, marries him, helps him in his work and gets to know his acquaintances, including Dr. Othman Bey and his wife Souad, and you notice that there is a hidden relationship between her husband, Adel and Souad, and she sets them together and decides to travel to her brother in Tunis, and on the boat she gets to know Mahmoud, who finds in him what she did not find in Adel."
743,1954,Egypt,3.15,15,"The movie tells about a husband who lost his arms and became unemployed, so the wife became the one in charge of the house, increasing her work and being distracted by her husband and the house, and the husband became despaired and frustrated to love drawing and excel in it, and he gets to know a young woman who sends hope and encourages him to progress and present his paintings in an exhibition, to be appreciated In the gallery."
744,1951,Egypt,3.25,11,The film revolves around a thin girl who grew up in the arms of a poor family and is of wealthy assets. She marries a young man who sympathizes with her and loves her before she learns the origin of her true family.
745,1992,Egypt,3.05,23,"The night girl (Ahlam) decides to repent after her marriage and childbirth, and after she discovers that her husband is addicted, she returns to theft again after being persuaded by her colleagues through a jewelery stealing operation, but things do not go well after the apartment owner and her child were killed during the robbery, to become an accuser In a murder she is innocent."
746,1964,Egypt,3.1,18,"On the night of the wedding of Muhammad (Shukri Sarhan) and Adilah (Suad Hosni), a letter arrives to Muhammad stating his promotion and transfer to work in Mount Ataqa. Her mother, Aziza (Mary Munib) opposes her daughter going with him to his workplace, so Muhammad travels alone, Adilah confronts her mother and joins her husband. Her brother Hassan (Hassan Youssef) from his sweetheart Mona (Amal Farid) despite the objection of her mother, who wants to marry her to one of her relatives, and the events follow between tugging and attracting the husband and wife and mother-in-law."
747,1952,Egypt,3.1,18,"Shehata Effendi is a writer in the circle of a wealthy woman who has a lot of disagreement with her husband. Her husband gives her the third shot, so there was a need for an analyst, and there was nothing in front of him but Shehata Effendi, but he was fortunate that the rich wife would die while she was in his custody and inherit her millions, which prompts him to think about marrying his neighbor Ancient secrets."
748,1961,Egypt,3.05,22,The flames of revenge and revenge change in Ghalia's heart with another that is dominated by love and tolerance when related to Awwad's love.
749,1960,Egypt,3.05,22,"The events take place in one of the high-end families, which suffers from poor financial conditions, and is managed by Berlanti Hanim in an authoritarian manner. Among the family members is the girl Amal, whose uncle spends the butcher on the family, so that Rajab Al-Najjar falls in love with her. Events."
750,1975,Egypt,3.2,12,"Sharif tries to obtain a flower, the girl who has chased her for a long time, but he fails to capture her, so he finds himself obtaining it in another way, namely marrying her, and he actually proposes to her and marries her after he was unable to capture her, and he is the man known for having many girls beat The women are trapped in him, and Zahra begins to draw an unusual new plan that makes Sharif repent of the pursuit of the women."
751,1988,Egypt,3.15,14,"The suspected businessman asks one of his employees to hand over a sealed bag to a customer. The client is late and Adam, the employee, returns home, unaware that he is carrying a million pounds in his hands."
752,1981,Egypt,3.15,14,"Mahrous joins the assistants of the teacher Abbas, the fatwa of the Bulaq neighborhood, who pledges to his teacher, the former bully, Maymoun, to avenge him from the teacher, Atwa, who injured him in one of the battles and caused his hand to be unable to move. He escapes from the neighborhood, and no one knows his whereabouts except for his friend Bayoumi, who recommends him Hamida."
753,1987,Egypt,3.3,9,"Fouad, a Saudi businessman, comes to Egypt to invest his money in investment projects, and he sees Mona, the daughter of Shawqi, the lawyer. His grandson fought, and if he doubts Fouad was behind this incident, as for Mona, she is convinced of the innocence of Shawqi and participates in the defense of Fouad."
754,1957,Egypt,3.3,9,"The harsh conditions lead Murad to join with a gang led by a doctor who stripped of human feelings called Abbas, who persuaded him to marry the girl Laila and issue an insurance policy for her life, then kill her and share the insurance amount between them."
755,1960,Lebanon,3.25,10,"Father Shaddad expels one of the elders of the Bani Abs tribe, the daughter of Antara, to shepherd sheep with many because he is black. He refuses to acknowledge his paternity. His mother is an Ethiopian slave. Tribes, the tribesmen seek the help of Antara in exchange for his marriage to Abla."
756,1957,Egypt,3.25,10,"Ahmed Hosni goes to the house of an old usury, and kills her and steals her intentionally, and kills her sister Qamar unintentionally, after the crime, Ahmed becomes very afraid and becomes ill because of that."
757,1953,Egypt,3.25,10,"A bet is made between a young millionaire and a foreman that the foreman spends six thousand pounds a month. The millionaire loves the forecaster's sister, claiming that he is a simple employee in the millionaire company himself. She loves him and gets rid of him without knowing that it is this millionaire who flooded her family with money, but the girl prefers to live in their apartment. In the popular neighborhood."
758,2001,Egypt,2.9,114,"Karim Nour and Tariq Al-Sioufi are the announcers of popular entertainment programs, and the two stars are racing to win one of the ads that generate abundant money to the point of conflict, and in the midst of these events the Palestinian uprising erupts, then Karim goes without his desire to the Palestinian lands, and there his view of things changes completely."
759,1984,Egypt,3.4,7,"Due to his difficult financial conditions, Abdo is unable to marry his beloved Maysa, so his grandfather dies and leaves a home for him. Rajaei, a company director and broker Saadoun, is trying to buy the house."
760,1966,Egypt,3.1,16,A number of employees in a company are united by the desire to spend their annual vacation in a resort by taking a summer trip to the city of Ras El Bar.
761,2001,Egypt,2.9,112,"Farid Ezz El-Din, a wealthy young man who lives a luxurious life, without any responsibility. His father is a businessman who owns a fortune."
762,1971,Egypt,3.15,13,"After the death of her husband, Sahar discovers that he is a member of a gang whose members seized an amount of 100,000 pounds, and that the amount was in her husband's possession, so the gang begins to attack her in order to recover her share of the stolen money, demanding her money, otherwise she will be killed, too, and the events follow."
763,2017,Egypt,2.95,44,"(Hani) is looking for a good teacher to drive for the sake of his mother who wants to learn to drive, and he nominates an employee in one of the offices specialized in teaching women driving Hind (Aiten Amer) to do this task, and soon falls in love with her, despite his mother's objection on her social level, But Hind finds herself in an unenviable position."
764,1950,Egypt,3.2,11,"The hero works in a shoe store and loves the girl of the owner of the store, who loves only him. But she discovers that her lover is playing with her, and confesses to the hero that she does not love him."
765,1944,Egypt,3.2,11,"Rich (Mansour Pasha) recommends all his wealth to his evil sons (Mr. Omar), and Judge (Othman Bey) is kind-hearted. While (Othman Bey) and his son drown and the two meet their death and leaves his wife (Fayeqa Hanim) and his daughter without a source of income, then (Fayqa Hanim) is forced to buy a child in order to keep her share in the inheritance with her and her daughter, when the child grows up, Rashad befriends Mr. Omar's son."
766,1996,Egypt,2.95,42,"(Salah) is an engineer who is married to a journalist (Safaa) and they have one daughter. She travels on vacation to visit her parents. He meets the photographer (Nada), who comes from the United States of America. ) That decides to turn his life into a living hell on earth, which puts him under threat."
767,1957,Egypt,3.05,19,"Ahmed Fedai, an Egyptian, hides inside a Palestinian village, with whom Salma, one of the village girls, cooperates. The film depicts the militants' battles for the liberation of Palestine and the many difficulties they encounter from blowing up fuel tanks."
768,1961,Egypt,3,26,"The family loses the father, and the mother finds herself responsible for five sons, Ahmed who joins Al-Hayish, and Mamdouh, who dreams of establishing his own project, while Laila falls in love with a married piano teacher, and both Fifi and Nabila live a love story with a colleague at the university, so will the mother be able Take control of it all?"
769,1967,Lebanon,3.3,8,"The people of one of the villages decide to dismiss the two guards guarding the village, so Najma, the daughter of one of these two guards, decides to put an end to this fuss in the village and disguises himself as a masked young man who comes to the village every night in an attempt to prove to everyone that the danger at any time is possible."
770,1952,Egypt,3.3,8,"The mother, Aziza Helmy, lives in a lane near the castle, and she has two girls, and while the first has a great ambition to get out of the lane, and to live the life of the rich and decide to work as a dancer, Karima takes care of her sick mother and spends on the house and seems contented and satisfied with her life."
771,1945,Egypt,3.25,9,"The film revolves around a girl whose father left her to work abroad due to their poor economic situation, and left her with two children and three donkeys. The father asked a young man to take care of the donkeys, but the young man tried to approach the girl, but she refused, so he kidnapped the two children and the donkeys."
772,1979,Egypt,3.15,12,"Essam refuses to marry his secretary after she becomes pregnant with him, and he marries his client, Inayat, Aziza dies while giving birth to the child as a gift. Her old neighbor recommends her daughter and tells him that her father is a great lawyer and she refused to mention his name. Tariq, who does not feel any love towards her."
773,1952,Egypt,3.35,7,"A married engineer with a son and a daughter, he drives in love with a dancer who sets her window around him with the help of her boyfriend until she marries him out of the greed for his wealth, and indeed this is done without the knowledge of the wife and children. The daughter finds no escape from informing her mother of this."
774,1991,Egypt,3,25,"The story revolves around the conflict between the families of (Al-Fayoumi) and (Al-Morsi), after one of the sons of (Al-Morsi) was killed by one of the sons of (Adham Al-Fayoumi), and (Adham) succeeds in impunity for his son by forging the testimony of one of the witnesses And two other witnesses were killed, while (Amina), the lawyer, who is the daughter of (Adham al-Fayoumi), objected to her father's twisted method, with the aim of keeping his son from bearing responsibility for his crime, and the (Morsi) family avenged (al-Fayoumi) by targeting and killing the son of (al-Fayoumi) and kidnapping (Amina's) sons."
775,1985,Egypt,3,25,"At the wedding ceremony of Hossam, who was killed by a stray bullet, he remembers the Mukhtar of the palm reader who had read his palm years ago, and told him that he would have three children, but they would all die at their weddings, and after the death of two of his sons, his third son Omar returns and meets Abu's sister's daughter Baynas Al-Fadl and his mother's state intervenes to prevent the marriage."
776,1981,Egypt,3.05,18,"Hussein's father dies in the hospital after being neglected by the doctors, Hussain decides to take revenge on the doctors by stealing their cars. One time, Hussain is surprised by the presence of the driver Tawfiq sleeping in the back seat and when he wakes up, Hussein gets out of the car and runs away and Tawfiq is paralyzed. Hussein falls in love with Yasmine, the driver's daughter, Tawfiq."
777,1954,Egypt,3.1,14,"Conditions worsen for the rich husband after he marries one of the dancers, and decides to divorce his wife, so he joins his daughter in a boarding school until she is away from her mother, and the father loses his wealth and works in a menial job, before the dancer dies, she calls her daughter Namat and tells her about her father's whereabouts, accuses the father of a crime and enters Prison for several months, the cabaret owner wooed the daughter of the dancer, which creates trouble with his mistress, who suspects he is her father, and the girl turns to a man who used to love her."
778,1975,Egypt,3,24,"Mona's father rejects the idea of her marriage to the young man, and forces her to marry Mahmoud, who later discovers her old love for Ahmed and decides to divorce her, but his paralysis in the war prompts Mona not to abandon him, especially after the return of a colleague from abroad who has recovered from a similar injury to Mahmoud"
779,1953,Egypt,3.5,5,"Doctor (Magdy) marries (Laila) the daughter of the wealthy family, and if (Laila's) mother opposes this marriage, as she was seeking to marry her to one of the wealthy, then she seeks the help of her evil nephew in creating disputes between (Laila) and (Magdy) until they separate, claiming Magdy's relationship with a dancer, to escalate events."
780,1956,Egypt,3.05,17,"A poor young man who works as an electrician and loves music and composing, lives with him in the same house an orphan girl who loves him and exchanges love with her, discovers that his girlfriend is sick with tuberculosis and that her treatment requires a large sum. The situation and in order to live his high art."
781,1992,Egypt,3.15,11,"The officer, Adham, meets his friend Mohsen after he becomes the owner of a shipping company and he marries Afaf. On her wedding night, the mother gives her an antique contract, and Mohsen loses his money on the gambling table and begins to withdraw his wife's balance. Mohsen agrees with his wife to dive to find the contract."
782,1953,Egypt,3.15,11,"Ismail Ajlati wants to marry Fathia, and she refuses to marry anyone else, which leads to her father sending her to her aunt's house to keep her away from Ismail and avoid any problems that may affect the completion of her marriage to another man chosen by her father."
783,1967,Egypt,3,23,"Madiha, a student at the acting institute, is forced to disguise as a young man named Ismat to work in the band that she is her three siblings. She helps him to arouse his wife's jealousy by playing the role of his new wife to discipline his transcendent wife, and Madiha is forced to agree to ensure that her brothers' work continues in the club."
784,2012,Egypt,2.95,36,"The events of the film revolve around a competition between two young people, one of whom is called Fouad, who is a very ambitious young man. He gets to know a businessman named Jaber who is better than him in age and experience. Facts that he did not know before."
785,1983,Egypt,3.25,8,"The worker Zoba, who loves acting, steals a large sum of money from her wealthy employer, Sharif, and promises it in a letter to return it to him later, asking the film director Farhat to make a movie for her after she claims that she inherited her uncle, she is arrested, but Farhat persuades Sharif to give up his money Until the film is finished."
786,1958,Egypt,3.1,13,"The movie revolves around a girl who tries to commit suicide because of her family's torture of her, but another person comes to save her from death, so she goes with him to his house and tells him how harsh her family is for her, so he tries to reconcile between her and her family, but he gets into trouble with her family and decides to marry the girl."
787,2015,Egypt,2.9,84,"In a tourist village located on the northern coast, Dr. Yahya decides to spend the vacation with his wife Magda before the crowding of the village and the entire coast with the two summer resorts with the arrival of the summer season reaching its peak, and there they both meet a newly divorced young translator and mother of two children named Hala, and the conditions of the summer vacation have changed from one to one that time."
788,2013,Lebanon,3.3,7,
789,1951,Egypt,3.3,7,"Abbas lost his mind because Mahmoud claimed that Abbas's daughter died, and by chance Mahmoud kidnaps Khadra, thinking that she is Abbas's daughter to seize the wealth, but the circuit clerk saves Khadra and saves Abbas Bey, and his memory returns to him after his daughter's return."
790,2013,Egypt,2.95,35,"(Hassan Al-Raddad) works as a well-known broadcaster in a talk show program with a large audience, and as a result of this he is exposed to many paradoxes caused by the increase in the number of his female fans. Men to find a way for her to notice him, and then fall in love with her."
791,1995,Egypt,2.95,35,"Naima, a building guard and a garage guard in a building in Zamalek, and she is also a mother of seven children, and her husband Zeinhom is unemployed and morally perverted and denies his responsibility in front of his wife and children. Raise them."
792,2015,Egypt,3.2,9,"The story revolves around an Egyptian citizen who believes that he is a descendant of the good saint (Mursi Abu al-Abbas), the owner of the famous mausoleum in the city of (Alexandria), but discovers that his origins are Moroccan, so he travels to (Morocco) on a trip to search for his family and identity, and finds that his roots go back to a well-known Jewish family In Morocco)."
793,1979,Egypt,3.2,9,"After Fatima was divorced from Mahmoud, she lives with her aunt and tries to gather herself up, but she falls in love with her cousin Fouad and agrees with him to marry, but fate chooses him before they get married and is surprised by her pregnancy and before she gives birth, Mahmoud tries to return her to his infirmity again."
794,1974,Egypt,3.2,9,"Kamal marries Dalal despite his father Omar Bek's rejection of the idea of their marriage. After a while, Kamal dies after a painful accident, so the father expels Dalal and deprives her of her daughter. Return the water to its streams."
795,1961,Egypt,3.2,9,"(Ahmed Raafat) is a famous surgeon, helped by his colleague (Omar), who loves his sister (Suad), who is studying at the university in silence. Ahmed gets to know the singer (Laila), and he marries her secretly and does not announce this marriage for fear of his social position, Laila gives birth to her daughter (Hoda) ), And it was decided to push Ahmed to confess to the marriage, but he refused and the matter was repeatedly procrastinated, and the events escalated."
796,1949,Egypt,3.2,9,"The events of the film focus on a gang that practices fraud and fraud and consists of five members: a watchmaker, a cashier, a mannequin, a bartender, and a dancer. Dr. Abdul Shafi, decides to give them a harsh lesson that they will not forget in their life."
797,1942,Egypt,3.2,9,"Farid, a young man of wealthy origin but unemployed, gets to know his neighbor Ilham, who loves to play the piano."
798,1938,Egypt,3.2,9,"Al-Sobriti works as a manager for a company, and he is married to Amina, and at the same time he has a relationship with Bahjah, who used to visit in Alexandria."
799,1962,Egypt,3.05,16,"(Fahmy) the wealthy man asks the young lawyer (Hassan) to write his will for him, to deprive his sister of the inheritance for the benefit of his daughter (Yusriya), and when (Hassan) returns to present the will to (Fahmy), he finds that he has changed his mind due to the appearance of signs of insanity on his daughter, to try With the help of his colleague (Fathy), access to the secret of what happened, will he be able?"
800,1961,Egypt,3.05,16,"While acting in a movie, Sharif shoots his colleague and fiancée Ilham after an unknown person replaced empty bullets with live bullets, causing him an emotional shock. His cousin's hopes are trying to relieve him of his intense sadness in vain, although she was very similar to Elham And her affection for him develops into a deep love that increased her determination to extract him from his loneliness and memories, and slowly unfold the facts about that accident in which Elham died."
801,1977,Syria,3.35,6,"(Sarhan) and (Walid) are two postal employees, each of them has a relationship with a girl: (Samar) and (Laila), Laila's father is a retired postal employee who refuses to marry his daughter to (Walid), as well as (Samar) whose family wants to marry her to a rich man."
802,1982,Egypt,2.95,33,"The story of the work in Al-Balah Agency revolves around the teacher Nemat Allah, who controls trade in the region, and to achieve this she gets rid of all her competitors, until she gets acquainted with the poor young Abdullah, marries him and makes him the owner of everything, to turn events upside down"
803,1976,Egypt,2.95,33,"Saber is a courier in one of the government agencies, who raises his son Mahmoud until he graduates, and he seeks with the director in order to appoint him, Mahmoud disguises his father, marries Lula, the sister of Shushu, who runs a brothel, and embezzles an amount from the company to meet his wife's needs. To manage the embezzled sum, so that his son would not be imprisoned."
804,1970,Egypt,3.15,10,"Ismail, Raafat and Hamada, three young men one day steal one of the safes of a gift and antiques shop, and they divide their spoils among them, then they disperse, and each of them walks on a new path, so Ismail works in a car dealership, admires a girl and marries her, and Hamada works in one of the women's hairdressing shops Raafat falls in love with the daughter of a bank manager, and the three friends face a number of problems when they meet and agree to rob a bank."
805,1961,Egypt,3.15,10,"A girl who is eager to get rich marries a young doctor, and gives birth to a beautiful girl, but her ambition makes her relate to more than one relationship. Her lover pushes her to divorce from her husband, so the husband agrees to keep custody of the daughter, and she becomes the mistress of the man who pushes her to a minister in order to reach a degree High in the ministry."
806,1954,Egypt,3.15,10,"The story revolves around the marriage of (Abu al-Dahab) to the singer (Ihsan), when he was competing with him (al-Atra), and they gave birth to their child. (Abu al-Dahab's wife), to be sentenced to prison, (Abu al-Dahab) decides to take revenge on (al-Atra), and plans to escape from prison."
807,1977,Egypt,3.05,15,"The three friends (Adel), (Salah) and (Faraj) get to know (Mona) the beautiful girl in the pension in which they live. The three guys approach her, but she tends to (Adel) and admits to him that she is involved in smuggling operations with (Bahir) because he has Evidence of her brother's innocence of the murder in which she was involved, (Adel) and his friends decide to help her to get rid of (Bahir) and prove her brother's innocence."
808,1989,Egypt,3,20,"The story revolves around Ibrahim's sudden return from abroad. He finds that his wife (Safaa) has married (Ezzat) the storekeeper of a pharmaceutical company, after she obtained a divorce in absentia from her first husband (Ibrahim), and the couple seize his apartment, and his savings, He informs the police, and with the help of his medical acquaintances, Ezzat is able to accuse Ibrahim of insanity, and accuse him of this accusation in order to lock him up in the mental hospital. Ibrahim is subjected to various kinds of physical and psychological torment by being inside this hospital."
809,1981,Egypt,3,20,"The events of the film revolve around the university student (Samia Abu Al-Saad) who is being arrested because of her political activities. During her detention, (Samia) gets acquainted with a police officer named (Magdy), who hides her in his home, and when the intelligence chief knows what (Magdy) is doing with this girl He calls his father and warns him not to interfere in what he does not care about, so she is transferred to the prison hospital, but she manages to escape again."
810,1980,Egypt,3,20,"The car of the famous singer Hanan breaks down on the desert road, and at the same time she gets to know Ahmed, who helps her and connects her to his car, and because Ahmed dreams for a long time to create a theater, he decides to take advantage of Hanan's growing feelings towards him, to fall in love with him and marry her, so that she helps him achieve his dream. But a surprise happens that changes everything and confuses all of his plans."
811,2016,Bahrain,3.55,4,"Tafash is exposed to a major problem this time, which forces him to travel to the Himalayas, accompanied by Jassum, in order to search for a radical solution to the problem in which he fell."
812,1984,Lebanon,3.55,4,"Melhem, a wealthy young man, falls in love with Hind after he rescues her from a robbery. But she is engaged."
813,2012,Jordan,3.25,7,"The life of ants under the ground is similar, and the lives that the Palestinian people live under the ground are similar in caves and basements that connect the cities of Palestine under the barriers set up by the Israeli enemy, so that communication between cities is made without effort, and through these basements and caves, stories and witnesses of successive civilizations on this land, as a journey between The surface of the earth and its interior, between the bitter reality and the myth .. Through that, the story of the Palestinian people who endured the torment and still suffers from it today."
814,2015,Germany,3.2,8,"The story of the film centers around three women, who are virgin, Lebanese and emotions, each one of them had an experience with marriage, where the first marriage fails and ends in divorce, the second suffers from problems with her husband after their recent marriage, and the third is looking for another wife for her husband to meet his sexual requirements that she cannot Fulfilled."
815,1996,Egypt,3.2,8,"Shafiq Al-Attar establishes a company to employ money, and escapes the savings of small depositors abroad and at the same time refuses to return them to them, so that the public prosecutor undertakes the investigation .. While the majority of depositors surrender to their inevitable fate and wait in silence, five of them reject the subjugation and confront Shafiq Al-Attar to recover their money from it at any cost."
816,1962,Egypt,3.2,8,"Salwa is a girl whose father died, so her grandfather takes care of her after she grows up, her mother asks her to live with her, the mother gets sick and moves to the hospital, the hospital costs are paid by a friend of Salwa's father who calls Salwa to get to know his daughter is Sunni, and a Sunni father gets close to her, but she loves Hamdi, a music teacher, and after a while Salwa marries Hamdi, so she goes To reside with her mother, who expels her because she is going to marry."
817,1985,Egypt,3.05,14,"Essam al-Hilali returns from Switzerland where he is treated for epilepsy. Businessman Lotfi al-Zinati claims to Essam that his father sold him the palace and the estate before his death, but after he discovers his claim is false, Lotfi plans to seize the land of the wealthy widow Badriya, and convince his secretary Kamal to marry her despite his love for his daughter Najwa Najwa collapses when she discovers the truth about her father and Issam marries her."
818,1981,Egypt,3.05,14,"Abdul Ghaffar revolts against his Sunni wife when he discovers that Sahar is not his daughter, but rather as a result of a sinful Sunni relationship before her marriage. She dies Sunni, and Abd al-Ghaffar abuses Sahar, who travels to Greece to live with her aunt."
819,1972,Egypt,3,19,"Zizi's father is exposed to a severe crisis, and Zizi proposes (Hussein) as her fiancé and marries him just to preserve her pride after (Adel) deserted her. After marriage, (Zizi) declares (Hussein) that she does not love him, so he agrees with her to divorce after an appropriate period, and during this period (Zizi) knows that (Hussein) helps her father in his financial crisis without mentioning anything to her."
820,2012,Egypt,2.9,68,"(Shahd) holds a party with her villas and invites many of her friends and friends to the party, where everyone enjoys, and there everyone is surprised by strange things that happen to them inside the villa where (Shahd) confronts them by reserving them inside the villa to find out the woman who betrayed her with her husband."
821,1975,Egypt,3.1,11,"Samira lives with her husband, Adham and her daughter, Hoda, a stable and luxurious life, but she suffers from her husband's preoccupation with them in his many work. Adel, a family friend, takes advantage of the opportunity and causes her to divorce her from her husband, and promises her to marry, but he presents it to Rustam, a businessman in Beirut. Perfection."
822,1976,Egypt,3.15,9,"Qamar al-Zaman is an innocent and naive girl who leaves her hometown to search for work in Cairo and goes to a friend of her father, but she finds him dead and a neighbor tries to rape her, so a young man who works as a magician in the cabarets rescues her and takes her to work with him, but she fails to work as a bailiff because she is unable to read and write and learn through cabaret brides."
823,1966,Egypt,3.15,9,"Laila, the daughter of (Mazloum) Pasha lives a ragged life, where her father made his fortune from the arms trade. She loves the officer (Tariq), but he prefers to marry his cousin (Nevin), so she marries the doctor (Samir), one of the wealthy, who soon dies and coincides with that. Young man (Sheriff) is always on her way."
824,1952,Egypt,3.15,9,"Teacher Ghandour fixes on the Iraqi woman by writing a forged contract without her knowledge and thinks about solving this problem by marrying her, but (without knowing that it is a plan from the teacher Ghandour) stipulates that she will not marry before the marriage of her daughter is dressed. Sugar, her cousin, pulp merchant."
825,1975,Egypt,2.95,29,"Hamed leaves his town of Upper Egypt and goes to Cairo in order to work as a doorman for a building, and he marries Fathia, who comes to live with him in Cairo, and gradually learns Fathia to read and write on one of the residents of the architecture, which is Ihsan, where Fathia aspires to work in a good job, trying Alaa, who lives In the same architecture courtship to her."
826,2016,Egypt,2.9,64,"A young man works in a shipping company that supplies kangaroo statues for a bazaar; But in customs, a paradox occurs where the statues are replaced by real kangaroos, and the young man takes care of these animals until they are delivered to their real owners, and a veterinarian helps him in that."
827,1973,Egypt,3,18,"The back staircase is used for the building owned by Omar, for some residents, his son Sami, a failed high school student, uses the stairs for his late return. A band uses a band to occupy an apartment, and they avoid meeting the doorman who demands a fee."
828,2010,Egypt,2.9,63,"Forgive a wretched rebellious child, who is keen to confirm his desires and looks at the world as a ball that he has to deal with intelligently and brutally sometimes. His daughter."
829,1995,Egypt,3.05,13,"The engineer (Talaat), son of the wealthy merchant (Morsi), lives under pressure from his father to marry the poor girl (Fatima), and that is after Fatima refuses to marry (Sayed Al-Eater) who loves her but is poor and works at Talaat. Talaat rebels against his father's control, so Fatima is divorced and separated From working with his father, Talaat gets to know the engineer (Yunus), the son of a great politician who works in the position of undersecretary, decides to marry his sister in order to achieve power, power and money."
830,1975,Egypt,3.05,13,"Hamdi is conducting a press investigation about the director of a popular textile factory defrauding the shares of popular fabrics and supplying them in exchange for commissions. After the investigation is published before the public opinion, the owner of the factory and the workers try to amend their statements and pressure Hamdi to publish a denial of this published information."
831,1953,Egypt,3.05,13,"Zumurud Agha leaves an inheritance estimated at one million pounds, and the heirs are Mukhtar, Marzouq, Six Aisha and Wafa, but to obtain the inheritance, the person closest to him is required to be the guardian of the rest of the heirs, and this person is Falafel beggary, who is found and informed of the inheritance matter and she is the guardian of the rest of the heirs Falafel has to act and know the immoral intentions of the rest of the heirs that they intend to fulfill after receiving the money, and the relationship between it and Hosni, who loved him, develops."
832,2017,Egypt,3.35,5,"Aida is an up-and-coming actress from a rural background. Overnight, she finds herself kicked out of her home and wandering the streets of Cairo with her bourgeois, introverted neighbor Samiha. The two women have no money or place to turn to. With the help of a young man named Yassin, the two women begin their journey to find shelter."
833,1951,Egypt,3.35,5,"The events revolve around two friends, the first mother marries the father of the other so that they can all live as a family. The two girls fall in love with a young pilot, so the stepmother's daughter tries to keep him for herself even though he does not love her, to plot a plot with her mother until she wins the pilot's heart. Will she succeed?"
834,1971,Egypt,3.1,10,"A group of girls in the university world - which represents liberation and a different departure from school - including Amira, who joins a group of liberal youth, and gets to know Adel, who pretends to love her in order to rob her of her honor while ignoring Essam, who loves her from one side, and on the other side Laila She was not dazzled by the university lights and admired the self-made young man, but he tries to attack her and when he fails, he tries to take revenge on her."
835,1960,Egypt,3.1,10,"Dr. Raafat does not take care of his young wife Samiha as much as he cares about reading and following the books of the famous novelist, the Monk of Thought. In writing a story inspired by her life."
836,1988,Egypt,3.2,7,"Businessman Salem receives a phone call from an unknown person threatening him with death if he does not give him an amount of money, so that the police, in cooperation with Salem and the repentant pickpocket Zaki, draw up a plan to place him in their fists and succeed in their mission, so Salem is surprised that the accused is Shawqi's business manager."
837,1976,Syria,3.25,6,"Hamed returns from London to take his inheritance from his Bedouin grandfather and marry his cousin. As for Abu Sayyah, he leaves for London after his textile factory stops, and there he meets a London merchant who, as soon as he realizes the importance of his fabric, agrees with him to manufacture a large quantity, and enters with Hamid and his girlfriend in a series of adventures."
838,1953,Egypt,3.25,6,"Amina lives in Haret Al-Saqa, she becomes severely ill and has to be transferred to Dr. Jasser hospital, and there his son Dr. Kamal takes care of her, and in the meantime love grows between Amina and Kamal, and Kamal sees him marry Amina, but his father Jasser does not agree to this marriage except that he marries her Dr. Kamal is exposed to an accident that prevents him from practicing his work."
839,1952,Egypt,3.25,6,"Afaf is a girl whose evil settled in herself, enslaved her by greed, and envy and hatred increased her impulse in the path of temptation that her lover Hamed drew for her, so she pushed her to betray her father, the cashier in Adham's circle, so she stole money from his custody. The department has the right to do justice to her affairs, but she is rebelling. She takes advantage of the good heart of Adham's daughter, Houria, and sets her window around Adham and marries her."
840,1994,Tunisia,3.15,8,"The film sheds light on the 25-year-old maid (Alia), who can no longer bear the trouble of singing at wedding parties, as well as her life with (Lotfi) who refuses to marry her and forces her to abort herself after carrying a child from him in her womb. Which makes her think of her return as a servant in the palace again, especially after the death of the prince."
841,1979,Egypt,3.15,8,"The film talks about the Moroccan resistance movement against the French occupation in the years before independence and the expulsion of King Mohammed V from his country and then his return on the shoulders of the people through several examples of some ordinary Moroccan citizens and their living suffering, then the people's victory in the end."
842,1979,Egypt,2.95,25,"The two friends, Mamdouh and Salah, while traveling by boat, get to know Amina and Hanan, and they also get to know Yusef, who is transporting a coffin for one of the deceased to bury him abroad, but in fact there is jewelry in the coffin that he smuggles, it is clear that Amina and her father know the secret of the coffin and are working to steal wealth."
843,1993,Egypt,3,16,"Salem joins the work of the men of (Al-Balqsi) after showing him his extreme excellence in the sport of bodybuilding, and after saving his son from a failed kidnapping attempt, and at the same time a love story is formed between (Rajab) friend (Salem) who also works for (Al-Balqsi ), And between (Rania), the daughter of (Al-Balqsi)."
844,1968,Egypt,3,16,"Hamdi borrows from the scrap dealer (Moseri) to spend on his inventions. Hosary tries to obtain the secret of these inventions. Hamdi suddenly disappears and announces his death. The lawyer informs his wife (Nahed) about his brother's will, who died in Mexico, that his wealth be transferred to the third brother (Saeed) For a surprise, the course of events will change."
845,1956,Egypt,3,16,"The smuggler (Sultan) falls in love with the dancer (Samara), who killed her mother and abandoned her drunken father, married her and shared her with him in his business, as he worked in the drug trade and she had the first word, so that the police officers would poke one of them in the middle of the gang as a fugitive criminal in an attempt to entrap the gang. Will their scheme succeed?"
846,1964,Egypt,3.3,5,"The film takes place just before the revolution of the twenty-third of July; Where the constant struggle between the peasants and the oppressive Pasha, and after the peasants gathered in front of the Pasha Palace in protest against the demolition of crops, and after the death of (Jaber and Abu Al-Yazid), (Awad) is accused and served his sentence in prison, and after his release from prison Awad seeks one goal, which is revenge against the killer"
847,1954,Egypt,3.3,5,"Hussein saves a destitute and unemployed young man from a group of criminals who tried to steal him, and he is kind and compassionate to him, then he discovers that seven years ago he was a respectable engineer married to Souad, the daughter of a wealthy man who was not satisfied with this marriage. The husband is unjustly accused of murder and he is sentenced to imprisonment. Her father is to prevent her from visiting him in prison, but she does not care about his rulings."
848,1974,Egypt,3.1,9,"Antara does not hide his love for Abla, and although his tribe bears witness to his courage, she does not recognize him as a master of her heart because he is a black slave, the son of a slave girl. He denied this confession, and the father could not find anything but to ask him for the impossible, which is to give fifty camels of King Nu'man's camels as dowries for an Abla."
849,1963,Egypt,3.1,9,"Ahmed and his friend Hassan Abu Douma meet a third-degree dancer named Samia who hates her profession because she is an honorable person and until she gets rid of her life as a dancer, she agreed to live with Ahmed and Hassan, as Ahmed was a fan of her, so Hassan searched for another girl. He found Mahasin, who also agreed to live with them. at home."
850,1981,Lebanon,3.4,4,"A group of women are being blackmailed by a gang in order to push them to carry out the theft of an amount of money. Women struggle with all their skill, with the help of a security officer, to entrap the gang."
851,1983,Egypt,3.05,11,"The teacher (Syed) Arabji lives with his wife (Fakiha) and his children. (Shalabiyya), the lottery seller, convinces him to buy a piece of paper from her to try his luck. He earns a thousand pounds and decides to use it for adventure."
852,1958,Egypt,3.05,11,"The poor girl leaves her fiancé, who works as a mechanic, and befriends her famous dancing neighbor; Because she loves to dance, one of the wealthy men admires her, and the dancer convinces the girl to accept the marriage proposal that he offers to her, because he will be able to achieve all that she wished for in glory and fame, so that the former fiancé decided to take revenge."
853,1955,Egypt,3.05,11,"Tuna is a beautiful girl who lives in a coastal city and loves the fisherman, Amin, but the wife of the chief fisherman is in love with Amin and manages the schemes so that he desertes tuna and the opportunity comes when an artist arrives in the country and discovers the talents of Tuna and persuades her to work as a dancer in his troupe. To an expensive operation."
854,1954,Egypt,3.05,11,"A girl falls in love with an agricultural engineer, the girl lives with her father, and the two get involved, the engineer is forced to travel to Europe and before his departure he leaves a document confirming that he is the father of the expected son, and his sweetheart promises to return soon, but the lover misses a long time in travel, and the girl gives birth, and the father discovers The scandal, he decides to flee the country in order to avoid the scandal"
855,1959,Egypt,2.95,23,"Two young men open an office to do secret police work. A man comes to the office asking him to find the dog of his dancing mistress, who has gone out and has not returned."
856,1970,Syria,3.2,6,"The film revolves around a decent employee who tries to use him to sign suspicious papers, and he refuses, so he works to quit his job and succeeds in that, and then the employee discovers that the manager is behind his dismissal."
857,1960,Egypt,3.2,6,"The film tells the story of the struggle between a feudal lord and his oppression with the small peasants to take possession of everything, through his criminals, who burn the farmers' crops and burn their lands until they are unable to pay their debts. And save her."
858,1953,Egypt,3.2,6,"The events revolve around Amina, the simple girl who works as a secretary to Murad, who loves her and decides to marry her, but Salwa, his cousin, who is greedy with his wealth, succeeds in telling Amina that Murad's father does not approve of the marriage, which afflicts Amina in a bad psychological state that she loses her eyesight, and the events follow."
859,1945,Egypt,3.2,6,"(Jalal) lives in the confinement of (Hoda's) father and the two youngsters are linked, but fate did not allow them to grow up, (Ismat) Hoda's father dies to leave them under the control of an evil and unjust man, Shaheen, who seizes Hoda's wealth and lives with him a harsh life. Until they grow up and decide to flee, but (Shaheen) chases them with one of his men, and (Jalal) gets shot, but he recommends (Hoda) to escape."
860,2018,Egypt,2.9,49,"The events of the film center around three people (Mo, Tutu and Mustafa) who meet in unexpected circumstances and their lives intersect together, and from here they enter an unforeseen adventure and become witnesses to a hidden and unknown side of the city."
861,1982,Egypt,3.15,7,"Because Ayoub greedy for Al-Zafarani's wealth, he agreed to marry his second daughter, Salwa, who was betrothed to her colleague Ahmed. And because Salwa and Ahmed are stumbling in marriage due to their lack of income, they agree to marry Salwa from the shop after he writes her half of his fortune, and they kill him after marriage."
862,1955,Egypt,3.15,7,"A girl witnessed her mother dying while she was giving birth to her second child, so she developed a psychological complex and closed herself up, alienated from marriage. She loves in silence, but she is in danger of death."
863,1954,Egypt,3.15,7,"Riad Pasha frequents a gambling den run by an outlaw with his family, and in this den the Basha loses a lot of his money."
864,1960,Egypt,2.95,22,"The movie revolves around three friends, one of them decides to develop his father's barber shop and divides it into three sections, one for men, the second for women, and the third for animals. The first client is a maid and her lady talked about him, and then he married a wealthy woman in order to avenge her former husband who left her."
865,1942,Egypt,2.95,22,"The events of the film revolve around Ali Baba who suffers from poverty and destitution at the same time that his brother (Qasim) lives in Raghad and Hana, and one day when Ali Baba goes into a trade, he discovers a secret cave that opens with the secret word `` Open Sesame. '' And it contains countless treasures, and he is trying to solve his financial crisis with what the cave contains, but with Qasim entering the picture, things turn in an unfortunate way."
866,1952,Egypt,3,14,"Fikriya is a singer who is married to Farid, who is addicted to gambling. While traveling by train, she suffers an accident and is injured, and a peasant takes her and heals her and decides to return to her home and her husband and daughter when she meets her husband. Country."
867,1960,Egypt,3.35,4,"Huda lives among servants and drivers who consider her family and dreams of the knight of dreams, Ahmed saves her from drowning, and thinks about him without seeing him, until one day they meet, exchange love, and she goes with her maid to her house Ahmed, who sees on one of the walls the picture of her deceased mother. She is also Umm Huda, shocked by the truth and decides to hide it from the lover."
868,1982,Lebanon,3.25,5,"Raed gets out of prison after years to raise his son and decides to leave the path of crime, but he faces problems with the head of the gang who wants him to rob a bank and with his ex-wife who wants to take his son from him and live with her rich husband and his friends Akram and Sami help him."
869,1983,Egypt,3.1,8,"Wafaa confesses to her fiancé Ahmed about her involvement in her relationship with a young man who is martyred in the war, and Wafaa surrenders to Ahmed and becomes pregnant from him. Ahmed welcomes the fetus and sets a date for marriage with her, but his friend discourages him, so Wafaa revolts against him because of his reluctance to settle the marriage decision."
870,1973,Egypt,3.1,8,"Plastic artist Ahmed Hamdy chooses Zainab for his new painting to be a model, and Zainab soon falls in love with him, but he does not exchange her feelings, just as he occupies another woman and exploits her physically."
871,1957,Egypt,3.1,8,"The story revolves around the successful doctor (Magdy), and his beautiful fiancée Munira (Souad Hosni). (Magdy) is greatly concerned about his lineage towards his mother, who lives with her in the same house, his uncle tries to knock him down, and suspicion is in his heart, and pressures him through ( Abdul Sattar, whom (Magdy) fears deeply, (Munira) intervenes to calm things down between (Abdul Sattar) and (Majdi), to reveal (Abdul Sattar) the old secret that he kept for a long time."
872,2005,Egypt,3.05,10,"Reda is a poor, unemployed young man who tries to marry Hanan, his neighbor in the neighborhood, but she runs away from him to live with an aristocratic woman and work for her, and Rida gets involved with terrorist groups. On the other hand, Jaber Omeish lives on deceiving people and deceiving them and he is destined to die in an accident."
873,1979,Egypt,3.05,10,"Kamal works as an account manager in a company, gets to know the wealthy widow Ali and her husband's brother Zaki. A swindler, Kemal kills Saeed in his house and impersonates him in order to escape the charge of embezzlement. He decides to take revenge on Zaki and Alia."
874,1998,Egypt,2.95,20,"Azouz Abdel-Tawab works as an employee at the Egyptian Opera House, and lives in the Darb Saada area, and in his work he meets the Egyptian expatriate violinist Sonia Al-Minshawi in Paris after her return from there. Classical music after he was alienated from her, and Azouz begins to rebel against his wife Mabrouka and the people of his neighborhood."
875,1959,Egypt,2.95,20,"A poor girl frequents the house of her rich sister, and she forgets the big difference between the two lives. She has a psychological complex. The husband gets to know a rich man and their friendship is strengthened. Account."
876,2018,The United Arab Emirates,3.45,3,"In order for Zaid to get his inheritance estimated at nine million US dollars, he must find a bride to marry her as soon as possible, so will he succeed in finding the right girl who agrees to this?"
877,2018,The United Arab Emirates,3.45,3,"Through a number of story sequences and comedic situations, a gang searches for a group of professional drivers to help them carry out mysterious missions."
878,2010,Jordan,3.3,4,"On the human estrangement within his homeland, Laila returns from the United States of America to her city, Oman, after her separation from her husband, to be surprised by another Amman than the one she left, and she is exposed to many troubles, starting from losing her bags at the airport, until her family and father's treatment of her changes And you discover that there are people who were not changed by the new life, but who have become isolated from society and live with old memories."
879,1963,Egypt,2.95,19,"Amal is a tourist guide, but she is stripped from marriage because of her mother's divorce experience. Amal goes with a tourist delegation to visit the High Dam and postpones travel to the United States, and there she meets engineer Ahmed by chance after an accident nears and Ahmed intervenes at the right time to save her. Amal discusses with Ahmed about her ideas in Life in general."
880,1948,Egypt,3.15,6,"A young man tries to blackmail his lover and asks her to blackmail the husband, so she provides him with money while she is satisfied, and if her husband discovers their relationship, and during one of the quarrels between the lover and the husband, the husband's head collides with a marble pillar and he dies. Years pass, the wife is involved in falsifying papers for her minor son, and she is sentenced to prison, and there she meets the maid."
881,1991,Egypt,3.05,9,"A dispute erupts between Hassan and Al-Jabalawi, and Hassan tells him about Saeed, the owner of the factory where they work, and Saeed expels him. Al-Gabalawi goes and works for the drug dealer Abbas."
882,1988,Egypt,3.05,9,"A spark of love ignites between Nadia, the young doctor and Ahmed, the young lawyer, and teacher Mahmoud tries to marry Nadia, because she has already engaged, and he decides to marry the mother with the intention of reaching the daughter."
883,1976,Egypt,3.05,9,"Murad is a committed film writer who goes to the seashore to complete the events of his novel, but he falls in love with the school Samia after he tried to save her, and discovered that she is swimming, they understand and marry, with the passage of days the beautiful dream dissipates in a quiet nest, and enters the story of life, his preoccupation is getting more and more The burdens of life."
884,1974,Syria,3.05,9,"A girl, and her boyfriend, the young man working in the monument, and they have succeeded in previous frauds, know that their neighbor has an amount of money, keeps his house for the account of another person plotting a scheme to deceive him."
885,1969,Egypt,3.05,9,"One of the international gangs enters Egyptian territory in the form of a filming team, but they aim in fact to photograph a group of sensitive military places on microfilm, and during one of their operations the microfilm accidentally becomes in the possession of the trio (the guest), (Samir) and (George) who are searching They did not work in the field of cinema, but they become witnesses to a murder, which puts their lives in danger, and from here a police officer intervenes to impersonate the brother of the dead man;"
886,1962,Egypt,3.05,9,"The story revolves around a combat nurse, her daughter's fiancé (Nadia) dies in an accident, and then she discovers that her daughter is pregnant, and when Nadia gives birth to her daughter (Fathia), the mother replaces her with a dead child. His mother instead of his deceased daughter, Nadia falls in love with another young man (Mamdouh), and before she agrees to marry him, she gets to know her daughter (Fathia) who is in (Hamdi) house."
887,1960,Egypt,3.05,9,"A cafe on the road where the car drivers meet, run by Hafiza and lead a gang with Adham, Sanad and Hindawi. Her daughter Bahia dances to the café-goers, and Adham seeks to marry her, but she stops him. He arrives at the cafe, the rich young man Ahmed presents them with an anklet, the gang tries to assault him, and they throw him in the Nile, delusions of Bahia It's the reason he drowned."
888,1960,Egypt,3.05,9,"The young singer (Sherif) finds a golden chain in front of the opera house, then reads a news about the loss of the series with the title of its owner (Amani) to go to it and repeat the series and refuses to receive a reward, because Amani admires his safety and asks him to manage her own farm, which provokes the anger of her relative ( Ramzi) to escalate events."
889,1957,Egypt,3.05,9,"The events of the film revolve around Hamdi (Shukri Sarhan), who recently married (Nadia) his aunt (Maryam Fakhreddin), and she faces a problem in his new job, which requires that the incumbents be single, so he falls into a big dilemma between having to conceal his marriage, And he dealt with the increasing interest of Laila (Samira Ahmed), the daughter of the company's director, in him, and (Suleiman) his co-worker is trying to help him solve this problem."
890,1953,Egypt,3.05,9,"The film shows the life story of Sayyid Ahmed Al-Badawi, starting from his birth in Morocco, through his refusal to marry the one he loves and his constant travels for the sake of worshiping God, acquiring Islamic religious sciences, jihad for the sake of God, and the enmities against which he stood by relying on God alone until he defeated all his enemies."
891,1960,Egypt,3.2,5,"(Osama) is injured in a car accident, and he travels abroad on a medical trip, and returns to be recovered, but the doctor tells him that he has become impotent from a sexual point of view. (Ilham) his fiancée and her father (Sami) feel happy because soon they will get married, and he wants to determine the date of marriage, So he tries to get away from her, and she becomes despondent, and gets to know the poor young singer (Nader) and convinces him that she is poor like him, and they succeed in popular celebrations, she meets (Osama) in a party she and rare to arouse his jealousy, declares (Nader) (inspiration) his love, at the time when it happens"
892,1978,Egypt,3.1,7,"After Laila's fiancé was killed, she decided to travel to her brother Sami in Aswan. Laila watches from the balcony of the house a murder, and the killer hurries to run, one day Laila tells Sami that she witnessed a murder."
893,1959,Egypt,3.1,7,"The wedding singer (Duck) takes advantage of her beauty to entrap men and achieve material gains, and her corrupt brother (Jaljul) falls in love with his young neighbor (Rahma) and wants to marry her, but she does not exchange him the same feelings because she is emotionally linked to (Hassan) her cousin. (Duck) develops a plan to marry (Jaljul) with (Rahma) by throwing her nets around (Owais), uncle (Rahma) and her family."
894,1955,Egypt,3.1,7,"The lawyer pleads with his friend, but he loses his innocence document in the bar, and the lawyer's friend who is involved in a relationship with a mistress is convicted, and leaves his wife who blamed her for losing the document. The mistress is killed and the lawyer's wife is accused of killing her, so he returns to his sanity and tries to prove his wife's innocence."
895,2016,Egypt,2.9,37,"After staying for a long time in the State of Kuwait, the pharmacist (Seif) decides to return to Egypt again in order to settle down and start establishing and opening a chain of pharmacies. ) Who can recognize the caller's name."
896,1976,Egypt,2.95,17,"Princess escapes after being narrowed by her father's puritanism. She turns to a stranger who works for her father who arrives for a stranger, a letter from his friend Fikri, who is residing in America, asks him to nominate a bride for him to marry her by proxy."
897,1998,Egypt,2.9,36,"In Alexandria, on the eve of the 1919 revolution in Egypt, friendship combines Houda al-Najjar, who loves boxing and wishes to participate in the Olympiad, and Petro, who loves singing, and Hassan, a printing press worker who believes in the revolution."
898,1958,Egypt,3,11,"The teacher (Toha) was not satisfied with eleven previous wives, but rather sought to marry the driver (Rashad), who refuses to marry her, so she tries to pressure him through his sister, but he also refuses, to eventually decide to hire a killer to get rid of him or subject him to her."
899,1953,Egypt,3,11,"Young Mounir (Mounir Murad), a talented artist, tries to take advantage of his distinguished talents, but he encounters many difficulties in order to find his way. These difficulties disappear when he falls in love with a famous singer (Shadia) who exchanges love with him and joins him with her to work in the club in which she sings. The manager of the nightclub to spoil this relationship because he wants to marry her, and her aunt also opposes their relationship. Events unfold and the two lovers are subjected to many pressures in order to preserve their love."
900,2018,Lebanon,3.05,8,"The events revolve in a romantic comedic framework, around the characters (Nayla) and (Faris), where a love story arises between them, but Faris' material circumstances stand in the way of his marriage to (Nayla), but (Nayla) decides to challenge all circumstances and then rise By inviting all her friends to dinner, to implement a plan to solve her problem."
901,1966,Egypt,3.05,8,"Abu Firas al-Hamdani is a famous Arab poet from the princes of the state of Hamdaniya, and he is also known for his horsemanship and courage, he lives among the court of Prince Saif al-Dawla, and people everywhere love him. Who competes with Firas for Najla's love."
902,1937,Egypt,3.05,8,"Ismail divorces his wife Amal, leaving her alone to endure the hardships of life with her daughter Salwa, and fate leads her to the doctor Asim who treats her daughter, and discovers Amal's distinguished talent for singing, helping her to find a job in order to exploit her artistic talent, but the problem is that her divorce is still He is stalking her and does not want to leave her alone."
903,1985,Egypt,2.95,16,"Hoda, the daughter of wealthy Abu Madi, marries their driver, Hassan, despite the objections of her father and sister, Samiha, and they move to Cairo. As for Samiha, she surrenders to the pimp Karam, and her husband Alaa commits suicide."
904,1962,Egypt,2.95,16,"The events of the movie revolve around a veterinarian who decides to go to the countryside to practice his work and settle there in the countryside and the doctor proposes to the girl of one of the wealthy of the village, but the girl's father agrees to the engagement, but on the condition that the doctor gives up the plot of land that he owns because the girl's father thought that this land was there oil."
905,1984,Egypt,3.15,5,"A group of poor people live on the roofs of a building in Zamalek, including the widow Nabila who lives with Ahmed, her child, who is trying to take him (Khalil), Ahmed's father's uncle, greed for his inheritance. Sunna, his daughter, from a wealthy old man, despite his poverty."
906,1966,Egypt,3.15,5,"Atwa takes care of his younger brother until he completes his education, Atwa works in a factory and has physical strength, so he uses her to work as a pimp on Imad al-Din Street. Rouhiya gets to know him, who lost her entire family at the hands of the British occupation. When you know that."
907,1965,Syria,3.15,5,"When a man gets out of prison, and begins to search for work and housing after his prison term, he discovers that he is now alone without family or family, and decides to return to prison again, and for this he commits many illegal acts to return to prison again, but he fails to attract attention The policemen, in the end, an old friend of his makes him a decent job."
908,1980,Lebanon,3.1,6,"A love story grows between a Lebanese young man and an Egyptian girl, and the young singer is trying to climb to the ladder of fame. As for the girl, despite what she drew on him at the beginning, she feels very jealous of his fame, and tries to keep him away from singing. He gets to know another girl from Lebanon who believes in him as a singer, and pushes him to The Road to Fame."
909,1992,Egypt,3,10,"A businessman invites five female friends, Rabab, Abeer, Dina, Zizi, and Noor to his home to celebrate one of them's birthday, then puts a drug for Abeer and rapes her and causes her death, and her brother Karim is shocked by what happened to his sister to the point of insanity, so he decides to take revenge on her friends. A journalist, Rabab practices the hobby of drawing. She married a wealthy man, and Zizi is trying to make her way into the world of singing."
910,1966,Egypt,3.2,4,"Salwa lives happily with her fiancé, but on the wedding night she suffers a psychological trauma, as the husband dies in a car accident, and Salwa escapes death, days pass and the girl does not forget the accident until she is surprised that her husband has not died, when she meets Farid, who is similar to her husband, and deals with him However, as her husband, Farid tries to convince her of the truth, but she is not at all convinced."
911,1990,Egypt,3.05,7,"(Abbas) invents sweets that are popular among the people of the neighborhood in which he resides. It strengthens the body and cures diseases, and people flock to it to make money that enables him to marry his lover (Nazira), which provokes the anger of the nurse (chief) who loves Abbas, and takes revenge on him by informing the police of cases of poisoning The effect of eating the dessert invented by Abbas."
912,2019,The United Arab Emirates,3.3,3,"In a form of comedy, the Yemeni Naji, the star of social media, decides with his friends to go out on a trip inside the Emirates, but they face many comedic situations, and in some moments this trip turns into a very scary journey."
913,2016,Tunisia,3.3,3,"The story of the film revolves around an unknown man named (Shalat), who wanders on his bike in the streets of Tunis in the summer of 2003, carrying a sharp blade with his hand to hit the buttocks of the most beautiful women who walk on the sidewalks of the city, so that he has become a mysterious figure that everyone fears without anyone seeing him, or knowing whether It was just a rumor or a fact."
914,1985,Egypt,2.95,13,"Saif, a well-known TV presenter, has a friendship with director Mahmoud, who always solves Saif's problems with his fiancée Hend, one of his admirers. Saif meets Souad, who admires him and his programs and frequents his apartment, he is surprised that she knows everything about him. Mahmoud discovers that Souad works under different names in many places and steals and escapes."
915,1975,Egypt,2.95,13,"(Bayoumi) works in the Basha Palace with his family consisting of his wife and two sons, for the bacha a reckless son named (Mohsen) who commits a murder and asks his father to find someone who is imprisoned instead, then the Basha Bayoumi negotiates to enter prison instead of Mohsen in exchange for a sum of money for him And for his family, to agree with Bayoumi and the events escalate."
916,1969,Egypt,2.95,13,"A poor girl lives with her father who works as a photographer, and the girl loves a famous singer who has many female relationships, the girl rescues him from an unconcerned husband who feels his wife's betrayal with him, and intends to kill them together after they are caught red-handed, so she hastens to replace her in his hotel room sacrificing her reputation for him, so he loves her and relates to her She claims to be a wealthy girl that she likes."
917,2013,Egypt,2.9,27,"The film takes place against the background of the unrest during the period before the revolution of 25 January 2011, presenting the stories of six relationships in different stages that express ambition, happiness and disappointments."
918,1977,Egypt,2.9,27,"Three friends (Mahmoud, Adel, and Samir) decide to face their financial crisis by defrauding women and deceiving them in the name of love in order to get the money they need, and (Mahmoud) is already able to deceive a girl and gain her money .. The events follow and (Mahmoud) feels remorse for his act, Then he decides to return the money to the girl who was the victim of his game and confess his sincere love for her."
919,1992,Egypt,3.1,5,"(Al-Najawi) is a beloved, poor young man who works on a ferryboat in Upper Egypt. Jamila al-Qarya (Saadia) loves him despite the (Saadia) family's objection to marriage because of his poverty. In defense of her honor [to push it from the balcony of her house, and the dead boy's father decides to take revenge on her."
920,1985,Egypt,3.1,5,"Adham returns to Egypt to be surprised that his sister, Fawzia, entered prison in a case of etiquette. She confesses to him that his friend Al-Margoushi had provided her with a job in a company, and when the manager summoned her to his home on a work assignment, the police raided his house, which he ran for prostitution. The late."
921,2015,Palestine,3.25,3,"The film tells the story of the Palestinian singer (Muhammad Assaf), who won the title of (Arab Idol) program in 2013, and became a hero in his country. As much as the film focuses on the beginnings of the star, the difficulty of life in (Gaza), and the illness of his sister, it also focuses on the challenges that He confronted (Assaf) so that he could reach (Egypt), to participate in the auditions for the Arab Idol program."
922,1961,Egypt,3.25,3,"The story revolves around the spouses, Kamal, the famous football player, and his wife, Salwa, who lead a happy married life until Kamal travels to a country to play an important match."
923,1983,Lebanon,3.15,4,"The events revolve around a group of young athletes in the field of bodybuilding, seeking to achieve championships, but there is a girl who intervenes between them in order to sow differences and distinguish between them, so that they do not achieve championships, to succeed in the beginning, and one of them moves away from his friends, so that a surprise occurs that changes the course of events."
924,1976,Egypt,3.15,4,"Kamel expels his son Mamdouh after asking him for an amount of money in order to open a nightclub, and he starts a poultry farm project proposed to him by Hoda, the secretary of his company, who raises her sister Aida, who is looking for wealth, but is not convinced of her fiancé Ahmed. One night, he brings her to the dancer, Nousa, who convinces her to be a master of baladi dance."
925,1963,Egypt,3.15,4,"After Ismail, Ahmed's father, is killed, and his mother marries the owner of the company in which his dead father was working, Ahmed goes away to meet Rouhiya and marry her, and they live in peace, until the prisoner's father escapes, and a series of surprises occur."
926,1956,Egypt,3.15,4,"A girl inherits from her mother the estate that she owned, and continues to live with her father and his wife, but she is fed up with her stepmother's bad treatment of her, so she decides to flee to Lebanon with a swindler who was trying to sexually assault her, but she runs out of it because of his sudden death, and when she returns to Egypt to manage what she inherited from His mother falls in love with a young man who lives next door to her and they get married, but the coincidence is that the husband is the relative of the man who tried to assault her in Lebanon."
927,2016,Egypt,3.05,6,"In 2009, inside the ancient city of Cairo, the life of (Khaled) is a young director who tries to make a movie about that city and its dreams. While he suffers from the possibility of being kicked out of his apartment, the girl he loves wants to emigrate outside Egypt, and amid all this he remembers his childhood days when Cairo was a brighter place."
928,1977,Egypt,3.05,6,"The orphan little girl (Sugar) lives with the gang headed by (Atris), and (Smart) that trains children to beg and pickpocket. Atris tells Smart that Sukkar is the daughter of a wealthy person, and that her uncle (Zaki) incited (Atris) to kidnap her and kill the child until his brother inherits, but he refused and handed her over to (Smart) who taught her to dance and sing at popular celebrations."
929,1977,Egypt,3.05,6,"Noura is a liberated girl, gets to know Dr. Munir and the love ties them together, but he marvels at her thoughts, as she allows herself to have intercourse with someone she loves without marriage, and all her sister Laila's attempts to correct her and dissuade her from what she does, Noura asks Munir to hasten his marriage to her but he refuses, he is afraid One of her ideas and he marries another, so Noura gets to know the well-known writer Ezzat later, so that her life will change."
930,1972,Egypt,3.05,6,"A poor young man works for the first time in a casino, and is dazzled by the wealthy, and upon the end of work he returns to his modest residence, and finds his sister, girlfriend and sister-in-law who works as a chariot driver with a donkey waiting for him to tell them about the first working day, so he decides to take them to this place after it closes, and they surprise the police They are arrested on charges of breaking into the casino outside their opening hours."
931,1963,Egypt,3.05,6,"A group of Egyptian soldiers returned from the Yemen war, and Monem (Hassan Youssef) was engaged to him, and he promised them a beautiful wedding night. Sheikh Hassan (Amin Al-Hunaidi) was one of the frequenters of Al-Muallem's coffee, Abdo, the father of Nadia (Maha Sabri), Mounem's fiancée."
932,1952,Egypt,3.05,6,"Salwa is a young girl who lives with her father, millionaire Abd al-Rahman Shukri, his wife Souad and her daughter, but she is treated badly by her stepmother Souad in the absence of her father and she prefers her daughter to her, and while her father is present she pretends that she loves Salwa a lot and treats her well. From her father's house."
933,1981,Egypt,2.9,25,"Abd al-Ghaffar (Amin al-Hunaidi) decides to be a football team from the workers of the factory he owns, but the illness is severe, and he recommends his son Mansour (Yunus Shalaby), to take over the management of the factory and the team as his successor and face financial problems, so Mansour turns to his business manager and his friend (Samir Ghanem), To set a plan for the advancement of the team, will they succeed?"
934,1990,Egypt,2.95,12,"Spouses Farag and Fikria live their lives in a monument, she hunts men and invites them to dinner, and the victim buys all the food she needs, and when he arrives at the apartment, he is surprised by Faraj, who claims to be her brother, and he runs away. As for Faraj, he throws himself in front of cars, claiming the injury, to extort the money of the car owner instead of the police intervening, until they receive a lesson they will not forget."
935,1966,Egypt,2.95,12,"Alawi is a theater director who lives an unstable family life. His wife does not understand the nature of his profession, and seems very jealous of him, and she does not fulfill the requirements of the house as he loves, which leads Alawi to spend most of his time outside the house, while directing one of the plays he gets to know the invasive Dosa He finds in her innocence something different from his wife, so feelings of love grow between the two, the wife knows about the relationship, and she asks for a divorce, and women flock to him after separating from his wife."
936,1993,Egypt,2.9,24,"Karima is a popular mentally handicapped girl who is exploited by people and usually entrusts her with hard labor, so that a wealthy man who came to visit the moulid and saw her there, exploits her body and leaves her with her fetus in the center of the capital, so how is her condition?"
937,1987,Egypt,2.9,24,"The events of the film revolve around Hatem, who has a doctorate in agriculture from the United States of America, although he has a high degree of hatred against others, especially his family, which cares about his older brother, and this interest also increased when his brother went to the war of 73, so he decided after his return from America establish an investment project for the manufacture of cosmetics, and events escalate."
938,1977,Egypt,2.9,23,"The contractor, Mahmoud Abdel-Majid, suffers from cancer, and the sons hide from him the truth of his illness, this man has two sons, the elder Mukhtar is weak in character, while the younger son Amin does not covet his father's money and lives in isolation with his wife Gigi, she has many ambitions to transfer the ownership of the factory to Amin, but he considers it The reason why his gay friend committed suicide."
939,1961,Egypt,2.9,23,"A person married to Bella Jamila and works as a usher in the court. One day he steals his salary and falls into financial difficulty, so he goes to his miserly neighbor to mortgage his wife's bracelet."
940,1993,Egypt,2.95,11,"Mahrous is unjustly accused in a murder case, so he and his wife flee his village. When the two of them succeed in saving a married woman from the attempt of some young men to assault her, the husband will reward them by providing them with work, will they continue?"
941,1986,Egypt,2.95,11,"Businessman Dr. Radwan marries Karima, the daughter of a large conservative family, and after years of successful marriage, Amjad Habib Karima appears since she was a university student, trying to exploit her financially by deluding her that he still loves her, penetrating her life in a fast rhythm so that he forces her to surrender to him, after playing on Strings of sweet feelings and words that she misses with her serious, practical husband."
942,1973,Egypt,2.95,11,"Mervat, Safa and Laila work in a fashion store, each of them has her hopes. Hani's father decides to hand over his son to the management of the shop that he owns, and he does not want to announce that he is his son. He works in the shop."
943,1973,Egypt,2.95,11,"Karima lives with her husband Qadri a happy and stable life, but in lunar days her personality changes and turns into a Bedouin character due to a man's attempt to rape her on a lunar night when she was young and she wears Bedouin acting clothes and goes where the Bedouins live in the pyramid desert. She loves Wael, who loves her and marries her."
944,1968,Egypt,2.95,11,"Taking advantage of the great resemblance between Ashour Al-Ajlati and the actor Farid Shawky, director Mahmoud Al-Badrawi decides to use him in many scenes, at the same time Ashour clings to his neighbor Najat and decides to marry despite all the attempts of the teacher, the master of the cafe owner, to stand in the way of their love. At the same time there is a painful accident for Farid that leads to his death, so director Mahmoud decides to use Ashour as an alternative, declaring that the actor has not died."
945,1968,Egypt,2.95,11,"A film producer agrees with one of the directors to direct a film, and the film's starring is assigned to Nousa, then filming is delayed and disputes arise between Nusa and the hero of the film, as each of them tries to arrange a prank for the other, so that they fall in love together and insist on completing filming after changing the story of the film."
946,2020,Egypt,2.9,22,"The movie takes place during New Year's Eve 2009 in the Red Sea between the world of the wealthy inside a resort near the city of Hurghada, where the heroes of the action are exposed to many difficult situations and crises when they get together."
947,2012,Egypt,2.9,22,"Within the framework of social fantasy, the film revolves around a love story that brings together Manal (Ayten Amer), Zaki (Mohamed Farrag) and Munir (Ramzi Leiner); Those who try to achieve their simple dreams and meet their basic needs in life, despite everything that happens in the country, while both Zaki and Munir try to win Manal's heart and bet on it."
948,1982,Egypt,2.9,21,"(Hassan) is a family planning employee, his friend (Rashad) arranges for him overtime with the great merchant (Salem). (Al-Nabrawi), a black market dealer, tries to convince Salem to take part in his illegal business, but he refuses."
949,1970,Egypt,2.9,21,"The rich Kamel marries Rabab, who discovers after marriage that he is impotent, so he turns to Dr. Amin for his treatment, and it becomes clear to the doctor that Kamel is a shy and introverted young man who lives with his mother after she separated from his father and thus adheres to her completely and sex is linked to a certain pattern that he cannot leave despite his attempts Permanent."
950,1981,Egypt,3.1,4,"The movie revolves around Salma, who turns to her wealthy uncle Salim al-Najawi to live with him after her father killed her invading mother for betraying him and entering prison. Salim abuses Salma because of an old disagreement between him and her father. Abbas covets Salma, and the events follow."
951,1949,Egypt,3.1,4,"In a social drama, the film takes place; Where (Nadia) gives her life after the death of her parents for the sake of her two younger siblings (Munir and Soraya), and she refuses to marry for the sake of raising them, but her brother is martyred in the Palestine war, and she is left with nothing but the little Soraya, who falls in love with (Medhat), whom she loves."
952,1993,Egypt,3.05,5,"Sherif and Murad become an import and export office, the couple is busy with the company, which causes the anger of the two wives, Mashira and Sherine, because of their boredom."
953,1989,Egypt,2.95,10,"Tawfiq imports spoiled baby food that causes thousands of children to become sick, and despite the attempts of a journalist, Nabila, to expose him, he manages to escape abroad, so the officer responsible for him decides to confront him away from the law."
954,1958,Egypt,2.95,10,"A teacher loves Usta Hassan, a truck driver, and tries to lure him in various ways and fails because his heart is busy with the love of his fiancée."
955,1953,Egypt,2.95,10,"(Fadel) inherited a large legacy and changed his condition after he became addicted to alcohol and gambling, neglecting his wife and two daughters (Amal) and (Fatima)."
956,1992,Egypt,2.9,20,"Mahdi, a citizen suffering from life's complications, is drawn to an advertisement that confirms that he is able to keep his body parts intact if he freezes himself. A friendship develops between them and he tells him that his neighbor's wife has a sinful relationship with a handsome young man, and when her husband finds out about this, she kills him and accuses Mahdi of killing him."
957,1986,Egypt,2.9,19,"Magdy travels to Ezbet Al-Basha in Burullus to sell the plot of land that he and his brothers inherited after the death of his father, to discover that the town is controlled by Haji Radwan, a member of the Socialist Union, and is controlling its people and persecuting Farida to sell her land to him, so that he and Farida decide to try to change the situation, so will they succeed?"
958,1965,Egypt,2.9,19,"The movie tells about the girl, Iman, who deals with people by her liberal nature, so she goes out to sleep whenever she wants and goes out with the guys for walks whenever she wants, and her friend warns her that she will be freed by people mistaking her. Meanwhile, she is loved by three: her fiancé, her manager at work, and her fun co-worker."
959,1988,Egypt,3.15,3,"Hammouda participates in a project for a calves dairy and fattening with Al-Shanwani, who gets from Hammouda a trust receipt. Al-Shanwani wants to marry Samia, the daughter of Hamouda, who refuses, as well as her father refuses, because he is married to three women. Al-Shanwani kidnaps her and threatens Hammouda to deliver the trust, and the people of the neighborhood stand with Hamouda in his ordeal."
960,1964,Lebanon,3.15,3,"A repentance, a beautiful Bedouin girl, finds a young man floating in the water where her tribe is. So he decides to reach Kawthar in order not to have a rival over the heart of Rep."
961,1991,Egypt,3,6,"The forensic doctor, Magdy, examines the body of a woman, and it becomes clear to him that her death came as a result of exposure to nuclear radiation, led by searches to the company of businessman Saeed, in which the deceased worked."
962,1987,Egypt,3,6,"Morsi turns to his classmate Medhat to get him a job. Medhat proposes to join him in drug trafficking, but he refuses."
963,1978,Egypt,3,6,(Hussein) the half-brother of Ahmed and Nawal steals Ahmed's money in order to spend on the dancer (his dancer). Nawal mortgages jewelry to (Umm Jaber) the moneylender in order to give (Hussein) the money.
964,1963,Egypt,3,6,"Doctor Shawqi Hussein (Ahmed Mazhar) falls in love with piano teacher Laila Al-Jundi (Maryam Fakhreddin), and the relationship between them develops until they get married, and with his constant suffering from debts, Laila decides to help him by giving piano lessons to Aida, daughter of Alya Hanim, secretly in order to pay off the debts, but what Turning things upside down is the slandering that Aida's brother is making on Laila."
965,1951,Egypt,3,6,"The two friends, Sami, the journalist, and Mukhtar, the businessman, marry the two sisters, Fatima and Azza, in one night. Over time, the lives of the two sisters change after marriage, and each of them tries to find happiness."
966,1976,Egypt,2.95,9,"Hanan runs away from her pimp uncle and her stepmother, who wants to make her a dancer. She is arrested late at night on suspicion charges, but Captain Mahmoud sympathizes with her."
967,1952,Egypt,2.95,9,"A young man celebrates his wedding day, he is surprised that this night a child is attributed to him, the child's grandfather knows this topic, he attends his wedding day and asks him to marry his daughter after he assaulted her."
968,1951,Egypt,2.95,9,"Hamed Bassiouni, a wealthy feudal lord, enters prison because of his sister's husband and his lover because of a plot that was hatched for him and became her accused of murder. After leaving prison, he searches for them to find that they have died in a car accident and loses his opportunity to take revenge on them, so he decides to marry their daughter Samia to avenge her with the help of his sister. In return, there is no dire consequences."
969,1970,Egypt,2.9,17,"On a fishing trip, Adel takes his three friends, and while fishing they find a heavy bag. The three rush to pick it up, and find inside it a shipment of drugs."
970,1969,Egypt,3.05,4,"(Nadia) gets involved in her relationship with her lover (Medhat) and gets pregnant from him. Medhat has an accident with his car and travels abroad to complete treatment without (Nadia) knowing. She reveals to her sister (Soheir) her tragedy. (Soheir) takes the opportunity of her husband's travel on a long business trip in America, so she attributes the baby to her to save her sister's reputation."
971,1968,Egypt,3.05,4,"(Hassan) A young man suffering from a psychological complex as a result of betrayal he lived in it since his childhood, so he does not love women, but a beautiful girl can fall in love with her, and he sees life rosy through her, and after several months the wife changes, and the husband experiences doubts, and discovers that his wife is betraying him His sense of depression increases and he decides to take revenge on her."
972,1946,Egypt,3.05,4,"(Senia) the orphan girl works as a teacher in an orphanage, and suffers from the intransigence of the director of the house. She meets the marine officer (Adel) and a love story arises between them, and the meetings are repeated, the matter reaches the director of the house, so she separates (Sunni) from work, and becomes without a source of income, at a time when (Adel) her lover on a mission on board the ship, working in a pension"
973,1988,Egypt,2.95,8,"Hoda, the murderer of her traitorous husband, is released. Abdul Qawi fights her to prevent her from custody of her child, Ahmed annuls his engagement to his cousin, takes possession of the apartment that he gives to him and marries Huda, thus ensuring her right to custody of her child."
974,1981,Egypt,2.95,8,"An unemployed person named (Raafat) asks a friend of his (Ismat) to marry his aunt (Iqbal) a wealthy elderly woman, provided that they share her wealth after her death. They agree on a plan to kill (Iqbal) while she is in Switzerland, but (Raafat) kills her before traveling to insult him, and he hides the body."
975,1954,Egypt,2.95,8,"One of the criminals kidnaps a girl from her wealthy family and demands a ransom. When the family fails to pay, he entrusts the daughter to a destitute family so that she can raise her with their only son. One day, a woman from a rich family sees a great resemblance to her son, who lost him in the son of the destitute family, and decides to raise him, and when he grows up he meets the girl who grew up with him when he was young."
976,1952,Egypt,2.95,8,"The Lebanese Ihsan goes to Cairo and turns to his Egyptian friend Marzouk and they work together in a nightclub. Masoud Bey asks them to revive his daughter Samiha's birthday party, and the party turns into a funeral because of the news of the death of Masoud's brother. And Ihsan's heart tends to Mabrouka and opens her in marriage, and in the meantime Masoud plots the murder of Mabrouka in revenge for being deprived of the inheritance of his brother Ibrahim."
977,1985,Egypt,2.9,16,"Tahani has the ability to communicate with people from the other world, and dreams of the late psychiatrist Adly, who tells her that there is another key to his locker and that she must search for it."
978,1960,Egypt,2.9,16,"Shehata is a committed employee in a private hospital, who lives with his daughter Neamat and his wife, and one day Hussein proposes to his daughter, but the problem is that Shehata is unable to prepare his daughter, which leads him to request an advance from the company, and after the administration's refusal, one of the bribed employees takes advantage of the opportunity and gives Shehata made an amount of money in exchange for a trust receipt, which he quickly used against him, especially after Shehata discovered an incident of embezzlement."
979,1985,Egypt,3,5,"Abu Zeit Al-Hilali sells fava beans and falafel, and decides to move to Zamalek, and marries Mervat without her father's knowledge of his building, but her feelings are still attached to her lover Alaa."
980,1945,Egypt,3,5,"The story of the work revolves around Dr. Helmy, who falls in love with the singer Amina and marries her, but his family objects to this marriage because Amina is from a poor family, and his mother tries with the help of her niece Alia to differentiate between Helmy and Amina, and events escalate."
981,1991,Egypt,2.9,15,"Nadia and her friend Mahasin are graduating from university. Nadia marries Hussein, while their colleague Medhat, who was a fan of Nadia and did not give him attention, fails, so he divides between him and himself to destroy her life as a punishment for refusing him, so a video tape is made in which Nadia is filmed in abusive situations, Nadia collapses because of her innocence from this tape."
982,1984,Egypt,2.9,15,"The story revolves around Nargis (Nadia al-Jundi), the wife of Syed (Farouk al-Fishawi), who aspires to wealth, and therefore convinces her husband to work with Menglawi (Saeed Saleh), without knowing the source of his wealth coming from the drug trade, Narges tries to outperform ( Mangalawi) and asks his assistant Sinnara (Salah al-Saadani) to introduce her to the important personalities that he deals with (Mangalawi), and she agrees with (Sinnara) to give him herself in exchange for killing (Mangalawi)."
983,1974,Egypt,2.9,15,"Abdullah is a judge in one of the courts, relying on the court bailiff Farghali in many ways, and he asks him to bring him a maid, and he goes to the poor month of Ramadan who needs money for her children and her husband who is addicted to drugs. Then, he decides to refrain from paying her money, so she goes crazy and searches for her everywhere."
984,2020,The United Arab Emirates,3.2,2,"Saeed is a lean person on a personal level and also extends his sense of humor to others. It is a sense inherited in his family from a father to a grandfather, which causes him to have many ironies and comedic situations."
985,2018,Lebanon,3.2,2,"The events take place in a romantic comic framework when a poor young man meets a wealthy girl in a strange situation, where he falls in love with her, and in order to reach her he is forced to listen to his friend's advice about lying to her a white lie about his social level, which enters him in many situations, so will the girl discover the truth, and how it will be Her behavior then?"
986,2016,Kuwait,3.2,2,"The film narrates, in a dramatic form, the journey of `` Misbah '' in Kuwaiti society, through which he witnesses moments of love and giving between different characters in surprising circumstances that reveal aspects that were not present in them previously."
987,1963,Egypt,2.9,14,"Hafez Amin, head of a charitable society for the care of children, using it as a cover for his criminal activity, which is based on kidnapping children and returning them in exchange for huge sums, and when the engineer (Ahmed Abdo) suffers from constant gang threats to him to kidnap his daughter, he decides not to surrender and inform the police, which uses one of the former criminals in order to He joins the gang in order to reveal what was her matter."
988,1949,Egypt,2.9,14,"The events of the film revolve around three sisters (Siham, Nabila, Sunni) who inherit from their late uncle an amount of only five hundred Egyptian pounds, which is totally insufficient for them to complete life with it, which drives them to travel to the city of (Alexandria) to search for wealthy men to marry them, so they become inmates In a suite in a high-end hotel, they meet three men already as wealthy, and during these intertwining processes between the six there are many comic ironies, and misunderstandings between them all."
989,1979,Egypt,2.9,13,"Haniyeh exchanges love with Ismail, and rejects Morsi, who wants to marry her. Morsi rapes Haniyeh, and she is forced to agree to marry him, and lead a miserable life with him."
990,1962,Egypt,2.9,13,Almaz transforms from a simple worker to one of the brightest singing stars in the era of the Khedive Ismail. The great singer (Abdo al-Hamuli) encourages her and presents her to the elite circles. From Abdo Al-Hamuli.
991,1948,Egypt,2.9,13,"Kawakeb leaves the plateaux while filming her movie, and the poor woman represents a duck similar to the planets of that role instead of her and hides this matter on her fiancé Bulbul Effendi, and when she decides the planets to travel with her lover and reveals this to her husband, he suffers a heart attack, so his daughter pity him and implores a duck to play the role of her father's wife as planets."
992,2017,Jordan,3.15,2,"The film revolves around the journey of Lina and Maryam as they flee the war in Syria. (Lina) is a ten-year-old girl, who lost her family in the war and had to start her way to Turkey with her baby sister and their neighbor (Maryam), accompanied by other refugees."
993,1984,Lebanon,3.15,2,"A gypsy girl falls in love with a young thief who is chased by an international gang because he hides gold in his possession, and the girl tries to know his secret, and the gang kidnaps him, and one of the young athletes saves the young hero and hosts him with him, the young gypsy seeks to get close again to the young thief in order to know Hidden Gold Place."
994,2016,Tunisia,3.05,3,"(Hadi) leads a completely normal life, and his destiny drives him as other people have planned for him, such as his mother who always takes care and protection of her, or his boss who makes him obey his orders that he issues, until something happens that goes against everyone's expectations, where (Hadi) meets a young woman She is called (Reem) inside the hotel, and he falls in love with her."
995,2014,Yemen,3.05,3,"The film narrates the tragedy of a Yemeni girl named Nujoom, who is 10 years old, who was married without her will to a thirty-year-old man in order for her family to relieve the trouble of spending on her. Hard work."
996,2014,Lebanon,3.05,3,"In a comic framework, the film depicts a very strange hypothesis and completely different from reality, as suddenly life changes and turns upside down after a political coup. The problem is not inherent in this coup, but what is strange about that is that women are at the helm of power and have absolute monopoly over the government. Women carry out arbitrary measures against men as a kind of shocking response to them."
997,1976,Egypt,3.05,3,Mother Fatima controls her children. Her eldest son Essam challenges her and urges his brothers to stop her.
998,1975,Lebanon,3.05,3,"Badawia dreams of becoming a great singer, and she tries to get to know a famous singer, but he rejects her until he hears her melodious voice and falls in love with her and together they perform the big show that she always dreamed of."
999,1950,Egypt,3.05,3,"A wealthy young man assaults a girl's honor and leaves her after she gives birth to a child, to face life alone with her child, and after several years he meets her after his conscience kept reprimanding him and returns to her and to his son."
1000,1971,Egypt,3,4,"The rural girl, Ferdous, aspires to become a doctor, and decides to run away from her stepfather's house, and falls in love with a plastic artist, and they marry despite the difficulty of their lives, and when he dies, she has to make her way alone."
1001,1960,Egypt,3,4,"Two partners in a contracting company. The former wants revenge against a competitor, and he does not feel the love that the office secretary has for him, at the same time that his partner loves her and asks for her hand, but the engagement is dissolved, and the first is accused of killing a contractor from a competing company with a plot from his competitor. To prison, he decides to run away to avenge the killer."
1002,1955,Egypt,3,4,"The events of the film revolve around Aida (Madiha Yusri) who loves her cousin, Officer Ahmed (Emad Hamdi) and shares the same feelings with her. Ahmed marries Aida and he also marries another woman, but she soon dies while Aida discovers her husband's betrayal."
1003,1955,Egypt,2.95,6,"Kawthar is a married woman who advocates for women's rights. She does meetings, seminars and articles to talk about women's rights while she completely neglects her husband and children. Her actions make her always in quarrels with her husband. Farid and his friend Yassin are forced to make an emergency landing in this city."
1004,1954,Egypt,2.95,6,
1005,1988,Egypt,2.9,12,"Officer (Fouad) disguises himself as a fugitive from justice, in order to be able to penetrate the gang of teacher (Haridi) the drug dealer, in order to bring to justice while flagrantly, and during that mission, a love story is born between him and (Nawaeem) wife (Haridi), so will this affect his mission"
1006,1986,Egypt,2.9,12,"Ahmed works as an engineer, and he lives with his wife Nabila, their son and sister in one of the cheap hotels after their house is removed, and after living in the hotel becomes a financial burden on the family, the family members decide to live in the courtyard of a graveyard, but it does not end there, where they are exposed For a large number of problems and inconveniences."
1007,1962,Egypt,2.9,12,"Salwa falls in love alone, and does not tell anyone about it, while he does not share the same feeling with her, as he loves Nadia, and at the same time Kamal falls in love with Nadia, and he does not tell anyone about that, and he does not know that his lonely friend loves her the other, and when Kamal knows that He decides to move away, and the question is: Will you know Nadia with a perfect love for her, and Salwa's love for a lonely one, or not?"
1008,2008,Lebanon,2.9,11,"In light of the war on Lebanon, Zainab returns from Dubai, to begin a journey of suffering to the burning south to search for her son and sister, where the taxi driver Tony is carrying her, to begin a strong love story between them."
1009,1984,Egypt,2.9,11,"Abu Saree agrees with his mistress, Firdaus, to beat Alaa, the son of her wealthy maid, who has decided in love with her so that they extort his fortune. Hikmat is paralyzed when her son marries Ferdous, who runs Hikmat's company and participates with the senior employee Fathi in the embezzlement operations."
1010,1981,Egypt,2.9,11,"Hassanein Abu Sunna is released from prison after committing a murder, and the people of the neighborhood fear his return to his power and tyranny, and he acquires a chain of shops, and Abu Sunna succeeds in persuading Ghobasha to rent his furnished apartment to the wealthy Arab Radwan, and journalist Ahmed works to record what happens to the neighborhood from A change in his articles, and Safrout likes a strawberry that stops him, so he rebelled against working in her father's café, al-Mawardi, and al-Mawardi marries his lover, Raja, after he gets into trouble with Abu Sunna."
1011,1977,Egypt,2.9,11,"Radhi Abu Risha is a talented artist, but he does not find an echo of all his paintings. On one of his tours, he sees a student who is almost drowning, takes off his clothes and tries to save him, but he is moving away from the shore. In Rady's genius."
1012,2017,Lebanon,2.95,5,"Jude is a handsome sound engineer, on his way he meets an independent and strong-personality girl named Rana, and they soon fall in love even with all the class and religious differences between them, and with Rana's father being rigid and depriving Judd from seeing her, Judd is determined with all strength to see her by all means."
1013,1976,Egypt,2.95,5,"A beautiful girl falls in love with a simple employee, then hands over her honor to him, and she falls, discovers that he deceived her and that he does not love her and then forsakes her, the girl is shocked about what happened to her, her brother knows what happened and knows that the young man aspires to achieve a high social position, decides to take revenge on him. And he chases him everywhere, until he makes him pay a high price."
1014,1983,Egypt,2.9,10,"Mustafa Sayes Garage, gets to know Ibrahim al-Qazzaz, the taxi driver who lost his wife in a collision and his only daughter Fatima lost her eyesight, which leads him to an addiction to drinking alcohol in order to forget what he went through, and he later marries Jamalat who tries to woo Mustafa who rejects all her attempts with him"
1015,1952,Egypt,2.9,10,"Darwish is a casino worker, apparently a good man, but he is originally the head of a drug trafficking gang under the nom de guerre, \ Faten, the daughter of the tiger."
1016,1942,Egypt,2.9,10,"Laila is a famous singer. She performs loud parties in the palaces of the pashas. She is met by chance, Farid, a law student, and falls in love with her."
1017,2017,Lebanon,2.9,9,"Even twenty years after the end of the Lebanese civil war, Therese is still unable to overcome the death of her brother by a Syrian bomb, and today she is busy preparing for the visit of the prospective fiancé to her only daughter, who will accompany his family to spend the night at her home. The long-awaited guests arrive at her doorstep, and she discovers that they are Syrians, which makes her stand up for this engagement."
1018,2016,Lebanon,3,3,"The film tells the story of four men who have a close friendship: Walid, Hatem, Ziad and Mazen. All of them are in their forties, and successful in their jobs. The four of them decide to meet on Sundays to play poker and share their personal stories of love and marriage."
1019,1978,Egypt,3,3,"Masoud Al-Mawardi becomes infected with hysteria, which leads his family to hospitalize him, and after he leaves, he arrives in the neighborhood in which he lives and everyone begins to apprehend him, frightened by him. Indeed, he asks her to participate with him in returning their uncle to the hospital."
1020,1958,Egypt,3,3,"(Ahmed) and (Muhammad) are two young athletes who live in Port Said and compete for the love of (Najaf), the beautiful girl who cannot make a comparison between them. The tripartite aggression falls on Port Said, so the two young men volunteer in the ranks of the fedayeen and join (Najaf) to the Red Crescent, so the enemies arrest her parents. Here, revenge is decided, and she disguises herself as a Lil girl, and goes to the bar frequented by the British, and she gets important information that helps the guerrillas to launch a successful attack, but she is injured in this attack."
1021,1952,Egypt,3,3,"(Zainab's father) dies, so (Mohsen) the owner of the company in which (Zainab's father) used to marry her to take care of her, at the same time, Mohsen has a relationship with (Jihan) the pamper whom (Jasser) loves her cousin Who is arrested in a drug case, (Mohsen) does not feel happy with Zainab, so he marries (Jihan) and gives birth to a child, so (Jihan) becomes jealous, and asks him to divorce Zainab."
1022,1978,Egypt,2.9,8,"(Sharif) is a businessman who shares his partner in the company with him, his partner (Kamal). Father (Kamal) arrives from abroad, takes (Mahmoud) Khatib (Nahid) with him and they go to (Sherif) to offer a deal, (Kamal) is shocked when he sees his wife (Laila) At his friend and partner, he collapses and hurries to the car while he is in a bad psychological state and is killed in an accident."
1023,1958,Egypt,2.9,8,"(Fethiye) is the spirit of the family, as she takes care of her sick father, and loves the young doctor who is treating him, and one day the brother discovers that (Fathia) is not his sister, and that she is a girl adopted by his parents from a shelter. Fathia has the truth to turn her life upside down."
1024,1958,Egypt,2.9,8,"(Ahmed) suffers after the death of his wife, because he left his young children alone for long times, because of his preoccupation with work. His little girl gets sick and the little ones find nothing but a singer in a wandering theater named (Wedad) who takes care of her. Ahmed Boudad clings to and incites his children to urge her to stay with them, but her past with the village master (Abu El Maati) will always haunt her in her next life."
1025,1956,Egypt,2.9,8,"The movie revolves around Amira (Samira Ahmed), whose mother suffers from a terminal illness while the family suffers from financial hardship and she is engaged and her marriage contracted with Majdy (Imad Hamdy) while she is at odds with her father who is married to another woman, she goes to ask him for money and disagrees with him strongly She returns to him to find him murdered and becomes involved in his murder and becomes accused of his murder."
1026,1947,Egypt,2.9,8,"A group of artists settle in Cairo to find a suitable opportunity to fulfill their dreams, including the talented singer (Mamdouh), who sought refuge with his father's friend to help him appear to the public, he and his band, and at the same time he fell in love with a dancer, but after a short period of time they separated as the dancer searched for a better future."
1027,1960,Egypt,2.95,4,"Bahia decides to take revenge after the death of her brother at the hands of a drug gang, so she exploits the love of Sayed, one of the gang members, to achieve her revenge, but the head of the gang Shukura stands for them in the lookout"
1028,1959,Egypt,2.95,4,"Upon Aida's return from Alexandria, Aida meets Zuzu and tells her that she is running away from Lotfi, who is asking her for a sum of money, and her husband, Farid, incites to steal a sum from the company he works for, and Zuzu hides the money in Aida's bag without her knowledge, and Farid discovers Zozo's whereabouts and kills her, and seeks to obtain On the amount of Aida."
1029,2019,The United Arab Emirates,3.05,2,"A strange incident occurs to an Emirati executive and an Egyptian food delivery worker that leads to a change in their bodies, which leads to the introduction of each of them into the life of the other in an unprecedented way despite the lack of prior knowledge, and they must search for a way to restore matters to normalcy."
1030,1981,Lebanon,3.05,2,"One of the houses with its residents is burning, and one of the children sees the residents of the house burning and also his mother, so he hopes to become a firefighter, so that he can save the injured. He falls in love with a woman who lost her husband, lives with her small child, and the late husband's brother covets the woman and her money, and tries to blackmail her."
1031,2019,Egypt,2.9,7,"A comedic drama movie, the events of which revolve around a stranger who poses many questions to people in an innocent way, and during his journey he creates friendships from good people and enmities from bad people."
1032,1983,Egypt,2.9,7,"The wife of (Ahmed) the pharmacist dies in an accident, which afflicts him with a psychological crisis, as a result of which he is treated in one of the clinics, after returning to work, he discovers a decrease in the amount of the drug that is included in the composition of one of the medicines and cooperates with his colleague Nadia to find out the reason. With them, he plots the murder of (Aziza), the actress who is staying with him in the hotel, and affixes her to (Ahmed), who runs away to prove his innocence and helps him (Nadia)."
1033,1980,Egypt,2.9,7,"Abdul Qadir lives with his family a quiet and carefree life, and his daughter Madiha marries Adel, who travels to work in one of the Arab countries. And the opposition of the second, through the parent falling into its net."
1034,1966,Egypt,2.9,7,"Moselhi is an account clerk in a company, watching what happens around him in terms of embezzlement and thefts carelessly, but some of the bribed employees believe that he hides a lot of shrewdness behind his goofy appearance, and that he knows a lot, and has become a source of danger for them, they refer the employee Laila who is trying Illusion him that she loves him, and seeks to know from him what he knows, and everyone confronts him when he decides to inform the police."
1035,1946,Egypt,2.9,7,"The movie revolves around a young musician who decides to follow the path of art against his father's wish, who expels him from his home, and the son decides to fight for his dream, and gets to know a dancer in the club in which he works and they fall in love, but the owner of the hall wants her to sit with customers, so he is expelled from The club, and together, they decide to continue the fight hand in hand, whatever the cost."
1036,1944,Egypt,2.9,7,"(Naima) the dancer lives with her stepmother, the scholar who loves money. (Naima) gets to know the singer (Ismail Jaber) and ties the love between their hearts, but the stepmother objects to this marriage as the poverty of this novice singer does not enable her to get money, and she chooses (Naima) has a rich husband and pressures her to accept him, so that (Naima) is forced to marry the wealthy peasant (Shaban) who abuses her, but (Naima) leaves him and runs away."
1037,1986,Egypt,2.9,6,"Kazem forms a gang that helps him manage Riyadh to smuggle antiquities, and the gang tries to seize lands rich in antiquities adjacent to Kadhim's land under the pretext of building a large investment project. Ihsan, the owner of the land, refuses to sell it."
1038,1986,Egypt,2.9,6,"A successful and married bank manager, she is wrongly accused in a prostitution case and the public prosecutor gets hard with her, so she jails and collapses her life, she gets out of prison to take revenge on the prosecutor and destroy everyone around him."
1039,1965,Egypt,2.9,6,"The film revolves around (Amin) the merchant who sees many nightmares in his dream about a young man kissing him to kill him. This leads him to feel fear about what he has, and he goes to seek counseling from a psychiatrist, and one day Amin is surprised by the young man who always appears in all his nightmares as he applies for a job for him, and Amin discovers that this young man loves (Samia) Amin's daughter, which makes him confront this relationship"
1040,1958,Egypt,2.9,6,"A single daughter of a father who is keen not to marry in honor of her, and her mother, who married a prominent man, is divorced. She travels to her mother and her father takes the opportunity to marry another woman and the girl feels that the atmosphere of her mother's home does not agree with her, especially because of the blatant harassment of her brother to her mother, the mother tries with her husband Surrounding the daughter with an atmosphere that takes her away from her anxiety, so they work to establish a bond between her and the neighbor's son so that she loves him"
1041,1951,Egypt,2.9,6,"A love affair combines between Rashad and Fikriya, and they pledge to marry, but at this time he receives a request from the army to apply for the army, and after entering the army he asks Fikriya to consider her future far away from him. Fikria, Fekria asks Rashad to restore the old relationship between them."
1042,1951,Egypt,2.9,6,"A dancer exploited by a gang boss to kidnap rich people and seize their money. At the same time, Ibn Sheikh of the tribe searches for a kidnapped horse merchant, on his way he meets the dancer and loves her."
1043,2019,The United Arab Emirates,2.95,3,"The film tells, in a comic form, about three young men who wake up from sleep to discover that the three of them are in strange and unfamiliar places for them, and they try to discover what happened in the past hours."
1044,1980,Egypt,2.95,3,"The thief, Hassan, marries a pickpocket, Nadia, is arrested in one of his operations and is serving the sentence, during which Nadia works a decent job in order to be able to raise their son Sharif. He is seriously ill, so he is forced to participate with Rashwan in one of his major operations in order to ensure a future for his son."
1045,1973,Syria,2.95,3,"A rich, handsome young man who lives a fluffy, messy life, has a relationship with many girls, he happens to have one of the difficult situations that makes him rethink his life, disguises himself as a poor worker to know his enemy from his friend, and falls in love with a beautiful girl, who loves him despite not knowing his truth."
1046,1971,Egypt,2.95,3,"Adel makes a strange agreement with the unemployed Aziz, so Adel has a firm belief that his stepfather was the one who killed his father to marry his mother, while Aziz is eager to get rid of his wife, the artist Sawsan, to seize an insurance policy for her life. Mother, and Aziz must implement the rest of the agreement."
1047,1967,Lebanon,2.95,3,"Adel works in a government institution, suffers from emotional shock after learning that his sweetheart is a night girl. Friends seek Adel's group, including a light-hearted friend. Adel gets to know Nazek, the wife of the company director, a woman who is in trouble with her old husband. They love each other, and asks her to separate from her husband."
1048,1965,Syria,3,2,"A rich businessman dies in mysterious circumstances. The police investigate the crime and point the finger of accusation at his partner in the company who was trying to get rid of him in order to isolate him in the company's management. In love with her, and at the same time he tries to find out the truth, and solve the mystery of the murder."
1049,1961,Egypt,3,2,"One of the wealthy elderly meets a young woman who soon inflames his feelings, but he feels that her husband is an obstacle to his contact with her, and the rich decides to set up a clinic for the husband in order to be distracted by her and then sends him on a scientific mission abroad, and seeks to get closer to the woman, and when she stops him he decides to expose her"
1050,2017,France,2.9,5,"Trapped in her house, inside a city under siege, (Umm Yazan) - a mother of three - turns her apartment into a safe haven for her family and her neighbors, and tries to protect them from the ongoing war outside. When bombs threaten to destroy the building, when snipers turn squares into combat zones, and then thieves enter the house to terrify them, maintaining balance inside the home becomes a matter of life and death."
1051,1992,Egypt,2.9,5,"Ahlam works in the company that she inherits from her father with his partner, Baher, and the journalist Hussam publishes articles denouncing the company's violations, and Baher manages to escape abroad, and documents condemning the other parties disappear. Ahlam is sentenced to prison, she is serving the sentence and Hussam feels remorse and persuades her to write her diary to reveal the real perpetrators."
1052,1986,Egypt,2.9,5,"Al-Moallem Al-Shatibi seizes the boats of the chief Hamido, who dies with heartbreak, and Ibn Hamido decides to avenge his father, and he is accused of killing the son of al-Muallim al-Shatibi, and a conflict rages between him and the teacher."
1053,1958,Egypt,2.9,5,"Mamdouh inherits from his father a great fortune that he wastes on nightclubs, and he is on the verge of bankruptcy and collapse, and his loyalty to his private secretary prompts him to withdraw his wife's money, which she used to save for herself, and then spend it on him. He tries to work in the cinema, sells his precious ring and buys a taxi to work on him and start his life over again."
1054,1952,Egypt,2.9,5,"(Hussein) Ibn al-Sheikh (Abd al-Rahman), travels to Alexandria for the sake of education, Hussain gets to know the singer (Bulba) and falls in love with her and decides to marry her. Hussein avoids confusion despite his love for her, and Elham tries to get closer to (Munir) Hussein's cousin."
1055,1946,Egypt,2.9,5,"After the death of (Shaker Bey), half of the factory goes to (Kamel) the diligent at his work, and the other half to (Samira) the daughter, and at the same time (Sami), Kamel's younger brother, falls in love with (Wahiz), but because Lawazer is looking hard for a life of luxury Then, she goes to Kamel to convince him that she loves him, and actually marries him, and after marriage, she tries to put her hands on the factory, especially after she betrayed her husband with (Fred) the husband of Samira, who owns half of the factory, and uses that to blackmail him."
1056,2007,Egypt,2.85,199,"The story of the film revolves around a comedic framework about a young playboy who loves stardom and fame. He meets the actress Nelly Karim by chance, and falls in love with her and makes comedic paradoxes."
1057,2003,Egypt,2.85,194,"The movie revolves around a young man who works in the field of shower installations and his name is Mido, and he is a student at the Institute of Technology and Electronics wired and wireless."
1058,2003,Egypt,2.85,164,"(Khader Hassanein) Al-Saeidy joins the Central Security Forces, and gets to know (Matwali Al-Zanati), whom he met by chance by train, and (Khader) tells his friend about his relationship with (Saadia) in Luxor, and Mutwali tells that he is wanted to take revenge for his father who was killed 20 years ago, and it is clear that (Khader) is the person who is requested to be killed in order to avenge him, so he is forced to flee with (Saadia)."
1059,2014,Lebanon,2.9,4,"In an apartment inside a building in Beirut, Lebanon, on the last day of the year, the lives of seven people intertwine, as they start their day by visiting a psychiatrist as a kind of ritual of the week. On the couch inside the psychiatrist's office, they confront themselves and their loved ones in an arduous attempt to determine their priorities and what is important to them."
1060,1936,Egypt,2.9,4,"During the Mamluk era, the love affair grew between the wealthy merchant Bahir (Ahmed Allam) and his slave-girl Wadad with a melodious voice (Umm Kulthum). He sells everything he owns in order to pay off his debts, and his maid (Wedad) is offered for sale in the slave market based on her desire, and conditions change between the two lovers."
1061,2020,France,2.95,2,"Fares and Maryam's journey to southern Tunisia turns into a disaster when their only son (Aziz) is subjected to a random gunshot, which necessitates a liver transplant that turns the family's life upside down and reveals an old, long-hidden secret that almost threatens the couple's relationship forever."
1062,2017,The United Arab Emirates,2.95,2,"(Sultan) and (Walid) are brothers, their father was killed when they were in the prime of life, which made them face the harshness of life. (Marwa) and (Hessa), where events are intertwined."
1063,2015,France,2.95,2,"The film is based on the novel (Prayer to the Moon) by the Moroccan writer (Fatima Al-Ayoubi), who wrote about her experience when she joined her husband to Europe in the eighties and lived a difficult new life, until she found writing an outlet for her."
1064,2001,Egypt,2.85,107,"In one of the popular neighborhoods in (Old Egypt), the magician (Mansour Bahjat) (Mahmoud Abdel Aziz) lives with his daughter (Nour) (Menna Shalabi) who loves (Hammouda) (Sari al-Najjar), until a divorced woman named Shawqia (Salwa Khattab) breaks into his life. She came with her son to live in the house after her ex-husband married another, and Ali's daughter fears her at first, and (Mansour) bumps into her several times, until his still heart feels her since his wife's death, so he falls into her whim, and decides to help her, and to help her son who suffers from a tumor"
1065,1991,Egypt,2.9,3,"Dr. Nadera differs with her colleagues who falsely claim that they have discovered a new vaccine, and after she informs a senior official of the incident, she returns home to find a dead person and becomes a defendant in a murder case."
1066,1980,Egypt,2.9,3,"University student Hamid Zainab, who lives in the Ram's castle, helps the wife who lost her husband after the assault on him at the hands of the power centers. The officer summons Hazem Zainab and attacks her until he breaks her pride, resists, and tries to expose him, instructing his men to kill her. Hamed revolts, Hamed and his friend Yassin are arrested."
1067,1973,Egypt,2.9,3,"The movie revolves around Samia, the girl who was subjected to a heinous rape at a young age, which caused a psychological complex inside her, and both her sisters Hala and Safaa, accompanied by their stepfather, try to cooperate to change her and treat her psychologically from her contract accompanied by the young Ahmed who wants to marry her."
1068,1968,Lebanon,2.9,3,"(Hussein) works as a guard in a garage, and dreams of being rich, so he borrows luxurious clothes from his ironing friend to attend parties of the rich in them, and to appear in the velvet community, and at one of the parties he gets to know the singer (Dina) who falls in love with him, and is shocked when she learns his truth and that He is not as rich as he thinks so she leaves him."
1069,1983,Egypt,2.85,74,"In a village in Upper Egypt, (Antar) lives dependent on his wife, who is facing pressure to sell her land to Medhat. Antar travels to Italy to collect a fortune with a work contract prepared for him by his colleague Metwally. In acting in sexual films, he returns home to discover the truth at the hands of the police who confiscate the films he has filmed, and begins his struggle with his wife and Medhat to protect her land."
1070,2015,Egypt,2.85,69,"The events revolve around (Ali Mounir Al-Jahsh), a wealthy young man who preys on girls, especially those who visit the psychiatric clinic of his father, the womanizer himself, and after a dispute (Ali) with his father about one of the patients, both of them enter a bet on a factory owned by the father in (England), Where he must help his patient recover from his contract with women by deceiving three girls whom the patient recognized and refused his love, and they are (Siham Badr), (Shukria Tartah), and (Samiha Al-O)."
1071,2013,Egypt,2.85,60,"The story of the film revolves around a police officer (Sameh Hussein), who lives in Upper Egypt, then is suddenly transferred to Marina on the North Coast, and what he has to do is prove himself as an exemplary officer in front of the officers and praise his superior for his performance. In love with a girl who is completely different from him in everything."
1072,2018,Egypt,2.85,50,"The film revolves around a poor and ambitious young man, who has a love story with the daughter of an influential businessman and a lot of money."
1073,1996,Egypt,2.85,49,"Abu al-Dahab is a poor baker, who is imprisoned instead of the bakery owner in exchange for caring for his family, gets out of prison and discovers that the bakery owner has not fulfilled his obligation, so he quarrels with him and is fired from his work."
1074,2020,The United Arab Emirates,2.9,1,The film revolves around a girl who receives her fate when she stands alone against her family and overturns the village's tradition of sacrificing female children to the mysterious creatures who live in the nearby waters.
1075,2019,Egypt,2.9,1,"Habib, a barber in the late sixties, works in his own barber salon in his apartment. The events revolve around a day when he breaks his natural routine, as he embarks on an adventure to please his wife."
1076,2018,The United Arab Emirates,2.9,1,"An Emirati family faces a great challenge of finding a suitable replacement maid, and the family decides to appoint Sandra, who is a maid coming from Argentina, but as soon as she starts working with them, the family's behavior changes in a strange way, especially with its unusual ways of solving problems it faces at work"
1077,2017,Algeria,2.9,1,Contemporary Algeria is a rich theater for many stories at a time when its residents try to transcend the flimsy boundaries between the past and the present. Three short stories about different aspects of life in this country;
1078,2016,Kuwait,2.9,1,"In the form of action and excitement, two police officers working in secret from Kuwait are assigned to travel to a specialized course in Ukraine in order to help arrest a criminal group specializing in the arms trade."
1079,2015,The United Arab Emirates,2.9,1,Five friends make a trip inside (the Emirates) from (Abu Dhabi) to (Fujairah).
1080,2015,The United Arab Emirates,2.9,1,"An Emirati boy loves music from a young age, despite his growing up in a religiously conservative family, but he clings to his passion and tries to face any pressures that prevent him from him, so will he succeed in this endeavor?"
1081,1987,Lebanon,2.9,1,"A group of police adventures, carried out by a police officer with the help of a group of female suicide bombers, in order to capture an international gang that came to make Beirut the scene of its operations."
1082,1983,Kuwait,2.9,1,"The story revolves around people going out in the spring continuously to the desert and hunting pigeons. A person sets off in the desert, and while he is leaving the desert, his car breaks down over one of the sand dunes in deteriorating weather, exposing him to very bad situations, and things get worse when a wolf appears in front of him, attacking The car wolf is trying to harm him."
1083,1982,Lebanon,2.9,1,"During the civil war in Lebanon, and to the sounds of cannons, theater director Adel celebrates his birthday for the first time alone, after his wife deserted him, he decides to go out to the city in search of company, but he falls into the hands of some armed men who steal his car in order to carry out a military operation against another party, They hit him severely, leaving him alone, and despite what happened to him, he refused to disclose what happened to the police, saying that it was useless, as what happened is only part of a series of crimes."
1084,1981,Lebanon,2.9,1,"The head of one of the gangs decides to carry out a hellish plan, as he takes advantage of a vaccination campaign against an infectious disease in Beirut. The gang seizes a huge amount."
1085,1966,Lebanon,2.9,1,"The film revolves around a mechanic who falls victim to a gang whose involvement in the murder of a woman is, and when he gets out of prison, his only goal is to search for this gang that implicated him in this crime."
1086,1962,Egypt,2.9,1,"Farid belongs to a large family, but he failed in his studies and joined a drug smuggling ring, frequent bars and nightclubs, and he is in a relationship with Zizi, the dancer who was in love with the head of the gang, teacher Bassiouni, Farid tries to get rid of the teacher Bassiouni to take over the affairs, Farid marries Hoda, the sister of Omar Abdel Karim Prosecutor at the anti-drug office."
1087,1957,Egypt,2.9,1,"(Rawia) falls in love with (Mamdouh) the rich and mischievous young man who brags about this relationship among his colleagues, so she feels shy, and leaves him and goes to Tanta to stay with her brother. She meets (Medhat) the successful doctor and marries him, after seven years, Mamdouh returns from Europe after If he failed in his studies, and he was surprised that he is a nephew (Medhat), and that he is trying to throw his nets at her, especially since he lives with them in the same house."
1088,1996,Egypt,2.85,22,"(Kamal) works as a porter in a hotel, and he meets (Dalal) who works as a secretary. They fall in love but lie to each other and claim that he is the son of a wealthy family. He accepts them as his son and daughter, without knowing the fact that they are married."
1089,1950,Egypt,2.85,22,"Adel is a wealthy young man who lives in luxury and accompanies the dancers, on the beach of Marsa Matruh."
1090,1998,Egypt,2.85,21,"Nawal Ibrahim Al-Saadi (Sherihan) suffers from depressive schizophrenia, and is a patient in a psychiatric clinic in the city of (Alexandria). She suffers in the clinic after her ex-husband (Imad) extracted her only son (Adel) by force, and she meets a large number of patients who suffer from various problems, and the doctor sympathizes (Mahmoud Shaker) with his patient (Nawal), and he tries to help her as much as possible, but he discovers that the hospital director seeks to exploit his patients in conducting unsafe experiments, which leads him to confront these plans."
1091,1965,Egypt,2.85,16,"A group of heterogeneous people in the bourgeois milieu in Cairo, who live in poverty after the political conditions have come against them, among them there is Nayla, a forty-year-old woman, who meets a young man, Tariq is drawn to his simplicity, although he is from a completely different social milieu. She chooses any man from her class, especially Abu Al-Ela, who is trying to get close to her."
1092,1958,Egypt,2.85,14,"Mona meets Magdy and Fouad in Alexandria and falls in love with Fouad, who loves her back, but Magdy asks to marry her and her mother agrees because of his wealth, so she marries Mona and then discovers that Magdy is impotent, and a series of problems begin."
1093,1963,Egypt,2.85,13,"A rural girl brings her father's cousin, who is considered to be her uncle, to live with him in Cairo after the death of her father."
1094,1960,Egypt,2.85,13,"Ward, a beautiful dancer, who lives homeless after her last fanatic hits a fan, finds a job at a cotton ginning factory. He caught the attention of Metwally, the son of the owner of the factory."
1095,1973,Egypt,2.85,12,"Al-Arnaouti and Bassiouni Nisabat, fall in love with the swindlers, Souad and Nawal, and the two parties agree to marry, and they decide to do the wedding ceremony and agree on it, and on the day of the wedding the dancer reveals the inspiration of the truth of the whole group, which calls on Al-Arnaouti and Bassiouni to repent and convert the villa into a hotel. By Souad and Nawal."
1096,1963,Egypt,2.85,12,"The children of Sheikh Salem, the supervisor of Mahmoud Bey's farm, succeed in high school, so he decides to enter Cairo University, so Sheikh Salem's wife decides to sell her gold and send their children Ibrahim and Ali to the university. However, Amal is forced to go to work as a maid, where she faces Mahmoud Habib, her childhood, whom his father is preparing to marry the daughter of the prime minister."
1097,1962,Egypt,2.85,12,"A father who has three children, (Amin) is a lawyer, (Salem) is a police officer, (Medhat) hopes to be an engineer, but he has not succeeded in studying. They go to Cairo at the beginning of the school year after spending the vacation on their father's farm with their mother and aunt (Karima), The father is extremely cruel to his children, and in Medina, both (Amin) and (Salem) are busy with their work. As for (Medhat), he fails to study and lives a frivolous life, and the events follow."
1098,1954,Egypt,2.85,12,"A love story arises between the poor maid and her wealthy young master, so she gets pregnant from him, and finds out about the matter, which exposes the family to embarrassment, so the head of the family seeks to marry the maid to a man outside the law in order to give the newborn child his name. Time passes and the child becomes a dancer in nightclubs, and she falls in love with a wealthy young man who knows Who is the true father of the girl he loves."
1099,1958,Egypt,2.85,11,"The film depicts, in a historical form, the story of the life of the companion Khalid bin Al-Walid, who was called after entering Islam with the sword of God, since he was a polytheist in Mecca and his fight against the Islamic call, and his conversion to Islam after the period of elimination, then moving to fight the apostates, the last of whom was Musaylimah the liar, as well as the stage of his fight against the Persians. For the Romans and their defeat in Yarmouk, Damascus and Homs."
1100,2000,Lebanon,2.85,10,
1101,1994,Egypt,2.85,10,"Adel is a straightforward and honest secretary in the prosecution service, and he dedicates his life to raising his only woman, Ahmed, after the death of his wife. In order to change his mind, he marries his wife in order to seduce him and carry out what he was unable to do."
1102,1993,Egypt,2.85,10,"Mahmoud, a lorry driver, makes a two-day trip from Luxor to Tanta, and during his journey on the road, the child Khalil, who escaped from the cruelty of his father's wife, rides with him to head to his mother in Tanta, and he also rides with him in the lorry as a greeting to take her to a friend of hers. During their journey on the road, all three encounter many problems that impede their journey."
1103,1992,Egypt,2.85,9,"Abd al-Jabbar Soul of the police, he is nominated for the position of executioner or al-Ashmawi responsible for executing death sentences because of his fear and personal power, as for Dunya, she is his neighbor who is fascinated by these specifications and marries him."
1104,1990,Egypt,2.85,9,"Three friends robbed the villa of the wealthy Ahmed, but he takes control of them and it becomes clear to him that they are not thieves, and Ahmed suspects the behavior of his wife Souad, so he agrees with the friends to monitor them for the required amount."
1105,1983,Egypt,2.85,9,"A wealthy merchant, Salama, moves from the Al-Madabegh neighborhood to live in his new building in Mohandessin. His son Hisham returns from Harb 73 with a leg and impotence, and his wife Nadia sticks to him, while his son Essam owns a shop and his girlfriend Nana supplies him with the goods from abroad, including some kind of medicine that conceals his truth that he is cocaine, He decides to marry Nana, and Issam gets rid of her so that she does not share the inheritance with them."
1106,1978,Egypt,2.85,8,"Each of us will meet his fate, but what about the fate of Hassan, the exploiter who abandoned his fiancée Laila and married her friend Narges, who is accused of killing Mustafa after she was involved in a sinful relationship with him, and she is arrested, which prompts Hassan to try to return to his former fiancée Laila regretting her abandoning her."
1107,1961,Egypt,2.85,8,"Suad, Mona, and Basima are three girls, each with a story. The first, Suad, married a young lawyer with a living conscience. A rich man, in the name of marriage, rapes her and then exposes her."
1108,1961,Egypt,2.85,8,"The student (Hamdi) enters into a conflict with one of the fishermen because of his exploitation, to kill him in front of his daughter's eyes. Hamdi enters prison, and the daughter of the fisherman becomes blind, after his release from prison, he tries to atone for his sin and approaches her, so that a love story between them grows and they get married. Doctor Nadia arrives to treat To her eyes, Hamdi is terrified to know that he fought her father."
1109,1952,Egypt,2.85,8,"Hussein's family objects to his relationship with dancer Suhair, but he marries her, and Amal is born with him, and Hussein goes to his family to tell them that he has a daughter. On the way, a car hits him, and before he utters his soul, he tells his uncle about his wife and asks him to help Amal. The uncle becomes the guardian of the money and covets it. Years pass, hopes grow, and she gets to know Rouf who has grown up."
1110,1984,Egypt,2.85,7,"Asim is a novelist who is busy writing a new novel at the urging of the publisher. Imad chases him and deludes him that he derives his ideas from him, and that there is a hidden force between them that transmits his ideas to Asim Lutfi's mind, causing him to suffer a psychological condition that stops him from writing, he travels to Alexandria to complete the story Imad contacts him and provides him with some evidence that proves the mental telepathy between them, which confirms that Emad is the author of all works published by Issam and was the reason for his fame."
1111,1971,Egypt,2.85,7,"Abu Hadid (Mahmoud al-Meligy), a grain merchant who works in the black market, is reported to his competitor Al-Khashab in a major supply case. With the help of the Nemes, the assistant of al-Khashab, Ashraf (Ashraf Abdel Ghafour), who works as a catering, is implicated in the murder, to become the first accused of killing al-Khashab."
1112,1970,Egypt,2.85,7,"(Fahmy) believes in horoscopes and works according to them, and a series of events increase his conviction in them, such as his promotion in the work predicted by the horoscope and the death of his uncle, then his inheritance from him. One of the astrologers convinces him that his life is linked to a Virgo girl who has a black birthmark, and he searches for her, so he discovers that she (Nana) is the fiancée of his friend (Adel), and he tries to preserve her life."
1113,1957,Egypt,2.85,7,"A well-known dancer and singer is noticed in the worlds of nightclubs, her father, the teacher, is celibate, and her mother, are sentenced to imprisonment, and when she decides to visit them, her mother declares to her that the teacher is not her real father, but rather the daughter of another man."
1114,1954,Egypt,2.85,7,"On the train, a teacher meets the conductor who enters his cabin and suffers a crisis, the teacher's bag falls over the conductor's head and becomes faint, and the teacher imagines that the conductor is dead, so he hurries to flee, the passenger Mahmoud enters the cabin and kills the conductor, and seizes his money, the teacher meets the conductor's daughter And he tries to atone for what he thinks he has committed, and he tries to help her to be a famous singer."
1115,1973,Egypt,2.85,6,"Aida is a dazzling woman. She is engaged to one of the men who live in a different class from the environment in which she lives. The interviews are repeated between the two parties. On her body and her possessions, and that man exchanges her feelings until a sweeping love arises between them, but she faces opposition from her father."
1116,1960,Egypt,2.85,6,"In the port of Alexandria, the Usta Gad works on top of one of the mechanized boats, Gad plots a ship's accident that is taken as fate. Abu Ahmed is appointed as the foreman, replacing Jad, who was waiting for the job."
1117,1950,Egypt,2.85,6,"Hajj Abdullah, Khadra's father, dies, leaving her and her brother Fares with a huge fortune that he stored in Balalis."
1118,1948,Egypt,2.85,6,"Pirate Handal and his assistants control the emirate by injustice. The late prince had a young girl with whom his servant Abu Al-Makarem escaped and lived with her, far from the eyes of the new prince, and it was rumored among people that she was his daughter."
1119,2010,Egypt,2.85,5,"(Hawi) events take place in the city of Alexandria, to monitor several Egyptian personalities from different segments of society who are living in difficult circumstances and struggling for a better life, and all they have is hope."
1120,1987,Egypt,2.85,5,"After Nadia marries Hamdi, her mother asks her to leave her husband and help her get revenge for her father. Who was killed twenty years ago, after they knew the killer, but Nadia tries in various ways to dissuade her mother from this idea, and with her mother's insistence on implementing her revenge, the couple's relationship is completely troubled, and the husband finds himself in trouble in order to help his wife overcome her volatile feelings."
1121,1960,Egypt,2.85,5,"A girl looking for happiness, so she resorts to marrying a rich man to achieve her ambitions, and leaves her poor lover. She discovers that he is an employee of her husband and is trusted by her, and tries to regain her love."
1122,1955,Egypt,2.85,5,"Rabi` is looking for a job after leaving the reformatory, and he meets one of his friends who was with the reformatory and joins him in one of the dens that work in gambling. One of the Ghanaians throws her nets at him but he blocks her, and he narrows in this field, and he marries and gives birth to children, but soon he returns to him again after an illness His sons."
1123,2019,Egypt,2.85,4,"The story of the film revolves around the most important question revolving in the mentality of the Egyptian and Arab citizen in recent years after 2011, which is 'What is happening in Egypt and the Middle East' and the permanent and ongoing conflict from international Masonic organizations and countries that support terrorism. To control Egypt and the Arab countries."
1124,2015,Lebanon,2.85,4,"In an exciting and interesting context, the film revolves around three young women who live in a remote village that suffers from drought and difficult climatic conditions, and they try to get out of it into the city, and in order to achieve their goal, they seize a truck that passes weekly in the village, but the surprise lies in what the truck contains, which will turn Events are upside down."
1125,1990,Egypt,2.85,4,"The Anti-Narcotics Police Captain Nadia Azmy tries to prove her ability to work as efficiently as her male colleagues, and one of her colleagues faces problems with his teenage son and the captain tries to help him."
1126,1986,Egypt,2.85,4,"Medhat is a journalist who seeks to uncover the leader of a women gang who escapes diamonds and is known for her chess game. Shawkat holds a chess match at his hotel to entrap the leader of the gang, as he also heads a diamond smuggling ring. Medhat gets to know Abu Zaid and they agree to cooperate together to discover them. The competition takes place until the final round between Suzy and Noura. Noura wins, and everyone thinks she is the leader of the gang."
1127,1953,Egypt,2.85,4,"The young employee (Ali) gets into trouble, because of his daughter's ambition to marry a wealthy person who compensates her for the poverty in which she lived, and when the father forces her to marry a poor young man, she runs away on the wedding night, and a rich young man picks her up and deceives her, then expels her from his home, so events escalate"
1128,1995,Egypt,2.85,2,"(Al-Sakhawi), a businessman, seeks to buy all the houses and shops of the popular neighborhood in which (Zainab) and (Tayel) who return from a business trip abroad, and both of them refuse to sell to Sakhawi, so Al-Sakhawi tries to delude Zainab that he loves her and will marry her, to escalate events."
1129,1992,Egypt,2.85,2,"Abu Al-Saad raises his younger brother Ahmed until he becomes an engineer, and Abu Al-Saad marries Bata'a and they give birth to their son Ali, Ahmed marries wealthy Salwa and runs her father's company. Abu Al-Saad comes to his brother, and on his way to him, he witnesses a murder on the road, trying to help the injured, but the accusation is unjustly attached to him."
1130,1990,Egypt,2.85,2,"The girl leaves the Egyptian countryside to Cairo to search for her brother who preceded her there, and when she arrives, she gets to know a rich man and marries him and joins the artistic field by virtue of having a beautiful voice and fluent in singing and shining and becoming the star of the masses, but she did not insist on her marital life, and she is drawn into a number of relations."
1131,1988,Egypt,2.85,2,"Teacher Faraj goes out after serving his punishment due to cheating in building materials, returns to the neighborhood and returns to his old biography, and tries to seize the house that belongs to his good neighbor on the grounds that he had signed a preliminary contract with him to buy the house before he entered prison and he intended to demolish it to establish his place A huge building, so the owner of the house refuses to complete the deal, especially since he rented one of the apartments to the young journalist Laila who lives with her mother and who is loved by the son of the owner of the house Mohsen."
1132,1984,Egypt,2.85,2,"The events of the film revolve around the engineer (Jalal), who returns from abroad to work with his father, Hajj (Radwan), to find that many changes have occurred in his hometown (Suez). (Nadia) has become a dancer in one of the nightclubs owned by (Abbas Bey), and he finds that there are many disagreements between his father, Hajj (Radwan) and (Abbas Bey), who trades in a suspicious trade, and the events follow, and Hajj (Radwan) dies."
1133,1982,Lebanon,2.85,2,"A love story is born between a cyclist (Jihad) and the blind girl (Mona), after they met on board a ship returning to Lebanon, and in Beirut they separated without one knowing the address of the other, Jihad searches for (Mona), until he reaches her for By the way of (Mona's) sister, at the same time (Jihad) tries to avenge his friend who was killed by a drug gang."
1134,1968,Egypt,2.85,2,"Munir is a young doctor who lives in Alexandria. He marries a girl he loves despite the will of his father, Al-Saeidy. The father reads the news in the newspapers and he revolts and decides to kill his son, but he is surprised by the news of Madbouly's exit from prison, which between him and Madbouly is an old revenge, and the father knows that Madbouli intends to kill Mounir, taking revenge."
1135,1959,Egypt,2.85,2,"The story revolves around (Hoda) who lives with her uncle Dr. (Ibrahim), who takes care of her as his daughter after the death of her parents. Hoda spends a fun life with her friends, including (Adel) who wants to marry her. Hoda suffers from a headache. And it appears from the tests that she conducts that there is a brain tumor that must be removed, and she thinks that his love has a kind of pity for her."
1136,1962,Lebanon,2.85,1,"(Sherif) is a deceptive young man who collects the revenues of the condominium, and instead of putting it in the bank in the name of (Maha) his cousin, he spends it on the dancer (Sheita), and she has a brother in America named Wajih who writes to her that he will return to Beirut to take care of her affairs, and decide ( Sheriff kidnapped him and put him under his control."
1137,2020,Egypt,0,0,"A film that brings together the most important events from the series 'The Choice', which deals with the life of the martyr Colonel of Staff Ahmed Al-Mansi, commander of the 103rd Thunderbolt Brigade, who was killed in the Al-Barth Square ambush in the Egyptian city of Rafah in 2017 while fighting a terrorist attack in Sinai."
1138,2020,The United Arab Emirates,0,0,"The events revolve around Abu Shima, a man from an elegant aristocratic family who decides to search for a suitable husband for his daughter, and when a young man advances for the task, he goes through many difficult tests in order to accept him."
1139,2020,Egypt,0,0,"The events of the film follow different social paths within Egyptian society, dealing with the intertwining relationships between different social classes, as well as the drug trade and its negative effects on society and people."
1140,2020,Egypt,0,0,A married couple whose lives are upended after a fairy tale is told to them during their honeymoon about a night when the moon sets and the devil searches for a bride.
1141,2020,Egypt,0,0,"As a young man falls into many troubles in his life, the only hope lies in a woman trying to help him get closer to God."
1142,2020,Saudi Arabia,0,0,
1143,2020,Egypt,0,0,"The Crew deals with the stages of working on films in a dazzling manner, from the birth of the idea, through writing the script, working sessions between actors and directors, and putting visualizations on papers, before they enter into implementation and production, and they cooperate with decorators and clothing makers, photography directors and photographers, highlighting the role Technicians, buffet workers, caravan officials and equipment drivers, through montage, tricks and graphics, sound engineering and soundtracks, how to overcome obstacles, obtain permits for filming locations, ending with distribution, and many other things that are hidden from the public."
1144,2019,Saudi Arabia,0,0,"Omar Nizar is a filmmaker in his early thirties, and he is trying to make a film project about the city of Jeddah, but Omar is not aware of what Jeddah means to him and does not realize the extent of the difficulties of filmmaking in the Kingdom, until he gets to know the seventieth photographer Farid Lotfi, who abandoned his passion for cinematography to devote himself to For his antique shop."
1145,2019,Tunisia,0,0,"He works as a tailor who spends most of his time searching for buried treasure under his ramshackle home. One day after his home collapses, he finds himself stuck with his wife and two sons, forced to learn to care for them and find a way to save them."
1146,2019,France,0,0,"Yara lives alone with her grandmother in an isolated valley, most of whose residents have died or have migrated abroad. One day, Yara meets Elias, a young man traveling through their farm, with whom Yara will experience the first love experience with his joys and sorrows."
1147,2019,Kuwait,0,0,"In the form of excitement and suspense, the two brothers Rashid and Fahd are trying to find a way to pay off a huge loan within a period not exceeding seven days, which enters them in an adventure with uncertain consequences."
1148,2019,Sweden,0,0,"The work deals with a forbidden love story between a young Muslim named Ahmed and a Christian girl named Maryam, and during their journey many troubles arise from all those who stand up to the idea of their love. The spotlight sheds light on the reality of asylum in European countries"
1149,2019,Kuwait,0,0,"In the form of suspense and excitement, Khaled's future is in grave danger as a result of a crime he did not commit, and the matter turns into a game of cat and mouse between him and the officer Bashar, so will Khaled be able to prove his innocence?"
1150,2019,The United Arab Emirates,0,0,"The events of the film revolve around Ali and Alia, two neighbors who love each other since childhood, but one of them is separated from the other by serious events, and Ali tries to stay in Alya's heart even if by resorting to addiction."
1151,2018,Tunisia,0,0,The film \
1152,2018,Tunisia,0,0,"The film depicts a true story that is happening on the ground now, which is the return of young people who travel to Syria and join the terrorist organization (ISIS). By presenting the story of a Tunisian family who lives in a forest located in northern Tunisia, and whose members are grazing sheep, as their son returns from the Syrian lands after a year and a half of jihad with ISIS, and contact with them was cut off throughout this period."
1153,2018,The United Arab Emirates,0,0,A small camera dropped by an Emirati youth in the sand at the moment of his slaughter by a global drug smuggling ring turns into a tool for exploring the identity of the perpetrators of this heinous crime that this young man and his three companions were exposed to during a vacation in the desert.
1154,2018,Kuwait,0,0,"In a form of comedy and science fiction, a spacecraft breaks down in Kuwait, and the alien object that drives this vehicle turns to a farm, asks for protection from a falcon, agrees to give him safety, and Abdullah joins him, and Fahd pursues them who wants to take a picture of the alien object."
1155,2018,Kuwait,0,0,"After the occurrence of a mysterious murder, it is the turn of officers Abdurrahman and Nasser, who work in the criminal investigation system, to uncover the mystery behind this crime."
1156,2017,Lebanon,0,0,The death of a young man at the edge of the sea in Beirut causes deep sadness from his friends and his participation in the activities and rituals of his world.
1157,2017,Lebanon,0,0,"A Lebanese girl suffering from a very complex past has a new opportunity to radically change her life, by entering the making of her first film in her career, but at the same time she must struggle in the face of her past that refuses to leave her."
1158,2017,Bahrain,0,0,"In the form of a comic full of adventures, the pirates kidnap Tafash's aunt after their attack on his home and take her away to their ship, and from here Tafash, with the help of Jusum, tries to pursue the pirates and rid her from their hands."
1159,2017,Morocco,0,0,
1160,2017,Kuwait,0,0,
1161,2017,Lebanon,0,0,"The events revolve around (Hanna), a depressed woman who returns to Lebanon after 12 years of absence, to visit her sick mother, and fulfill her last wish in the search for her twin (Firas) kidnapped during the Lebanese civil war."
1162,2016,Kuwait,0,0,
1163,2016,Spain,0,0,"An elderly sheikh seeks on his deathbed to travel to his hometown in the Atlas Mountains to dying among his family and loved ones, but the journey appears fraught with unknown dangers. When the old man takes his last breath during the trip, a guide who belongs to a group of simple migrant workers is hired to take on the task."
1164,2016,Jordan,0,0,"The film revolves around a construction worker (Ahmed) who gets involved in an unfortunate business deal that leads him to behind bars. There he meets the impostor (Ibrahim) who is preparing on his last hopes to prove his innocence, and over time Ahmed realizes that his life in prison may be better than the life he lived abroad."
1165,2016,Tunisia,0,0,"The events of the film revolve around the intellectual, religious and geographical ideological divisions in Palestine. The events also address the divisions that exist in the Arab world, all through characters whose thinking drives them to deepen about themselves to reach the missing truth."
1166,2016,Algeria,0,0,"A group of women and children from a village in southern Algeria find themselves trapped by soldiers, they cannot escape death, and gradually they feel thirsty, so there is no escape from death."
1167,2015,United States of America,0,0,
1168,2015,United States of America,0,0,
1169,2015,Morocco,0,0,
1170,2015,Egypt,0,0,
1171,2015,Czech Republic,0,0,"A tour of independent Arab singing groups in Lebanon, Egypt, Palestine and Jordan, and another by Arab youth in Europe and America .. music that turns into a message and discourse, and perhaps a revolution or resistance. It creates a hug between the gun and the guitar, musical experiences some of which were born before the (Arab Spring) and heralded, and some of them were born with or after the Spring."
1172,2014,Turkey,0,0,
1173,2014,Egypt,0,0,"The events of the film revolve in a social drama framework, about a TV presenter who deals with the issues of the Arab region on his program, especially the issue of Arab identity. He finds out how difficult it is."
1174,2014,Egypt,0,0,"In a social context, the film deals with a situation that is abundant in Egyptian society. This case is embodied in a girl who searches since childhood to avoid family problems, but she falls into other unexpected problems."
1175,2014,Morocco,0,0,"Samira and her husband Mohsen lead a happy and quiet family life while she works in one of the departments whose lives are turned upside down after her manager changes at work, as the new manager wants to harass her and enter her into a forbidden relationship and she is experiencing a great struggle, either she responds to his satanic desires or he will be fired from work."
1176,2014,Lebanon,0,0,"Three students, Ramzi (Tariq Yaqoub), Wissam (Nader Dernaika) and Sahar (Hadia Khoury), are sent by a psychology professor who teaches them to a Lebanese village called Ain al-Jin in order to investigate some of the supernatural events there. In the village, students meet Khalil (Essam Al-Ashqar), who claims that miracles can be accomplished, as well as Umm Imad (Khetam al-Lahham) a woman who constantly sees her dead son."
1177,2013,Lebanon,0,0,"This movie follows the story of filmmaker Philip Araktenge; As he is forced from his hometown and his home country for the third time, Philip discovers that all of his grandparents were forced from their country 5 times over the course of 5 generations due to the war."
1178,2013,United States of America,0,0,
1179,2013,Egypt,0,0,
1180,2012,Morocco,0,0,"The film is based on a true story about the terrorist attack that took place in Casablanca in 2003, as it deals with it through two brothers and how they escalated towards extremism."
1181,2012,Egypt,0,0,
1182,2012,Jordan,0,0,"The film deals with the story of a Jordanian girl named (Mona Lisa), the smile never knew the way to her lips, and she falls in love with the Egyptian reporter (Hamdi). Draw her life as she wants and with whom she wants."
1183,2011,United States of America,0,0,
1184,2011,The United Arab Emirates,0,0,"In the Al-Fareej neighborhood on the shores of the sea in the Emirates, around a young man named Mansour and a girl named Kaltham who are in their prime, Mansour, who is in love with Kaltham, tries in various ways to attract her attention, and when he finds the best way to do this by buying her a gift, he is in trouble providing the money necessary to buy the gift."
1185,2011,Lebanon,0,0,"The events of the film revolve around the city of Beirut in the first place, through Youssef, that young boy who always dreamed of a brilliant future, until he became a young man frustrated by the conditions of life, which made him one goal, which is emigration, but he decided to become a taxi driver, and love his profession Which made his sense of the city, and life as well."
1186,2011,Morocco,0,0,"(Majed) is an orphan boy who lives with his brother, he does not remember the shape of his parents who died in a fire accident, and he does not have any pictures of them. His brother told him that he could find pictures of them with their former neighbors in Casablanca, so Majid decides to do the impossible until he finds these pictures."
1187,2010,United States of America,0,0,
1188,2010,Algeria,0,0,"The film revolves around a group of young Algerians who are ready to risk everything to escape their difficult lives. During their attempts to cross the Mediterranean from Mostaganem in Algeria to Almeria in Spain. One can predict what awaits them there, either, they are arrested upon their arrival, and if they manage to flee the coast guard, they will live as illegal immigrants, in the case of"
1189,2010,Egypt,0,0,
1190,2009,Egypt,0,0,
1191,2007,Morocco,0,0,"Four men from Algeria, Tunisia and Morocco who were recruited by the French colonialists during World War II in order to fight the Nazis; Those who were occupying France at the time, despite the many aspirations and dreams that they hoped to fulfill;"
1192,2007,Egypt,0,0,"A father who has a constant quarrel with his wife and then divorces her, and a mother who forces her daughter to take off the veil, so that she does not miss the train of marriage, and friends who constantly quarrel with each other because they do not appreciate each other .. These are the ones around (Ayman) who lost his memory in a collision, and throughout the film , Those close to him try to help him regain his memory."
1193,2005,Saudi Arabia,0,0,"The film deals with the issue of infertility and the search for treatment in all possible and even the impossible ways, and it discusses the resort of many people to treating this infertility through magic, and is exposed to the suffering of the infertile with himself, and addresses some social problems, and society's view of the poor person and trying to change this view of poverty as Poverty sometimes has good data, such as awareness and a deeper understanding of responsibility in many matters."
1194,2004,Tunisia,0,0,
1195,1998,Egypt,0,0,
1196,1994,Kuwait,0,0,
1197,1991,Saudi Arabia,0,0,
1198,1990,United States of America,0,0,
1199,1988,Lebanon,0,0,"In an interesting dramatic context, the businessman (Rustam) suffers from dealing with women, and when any woman approaches him, he causes him severe embarrassment, the secretary working for him tries to help him get rid of his complex."
1200,1987,United States of America,0,0,
1201,1987,Lebanon,0,0,"The film is set in a sociopolitical framework, about the Lebanese civil war. That occurred in the seventies of the last century through a group of young men and girls friends who are exposed to different stories;"
1202,1985,Lebanon,0,0,"Musician Nassim Shaheen lives alone in the family's mountain home, and time passes while he plays the piano. One day, he meets Ghada, a girl from the village who lives with her father."
1203,1985,Kuwait,0,0,
1204,1982,Lebanon,0,0,"He is a dangerous criminal, but she is an innocent girl. The man kidnaps the girl in order to make a bargain of his life, drags her in the wild, and exposes her to various horrors, the police are chasing the criminal, and there is also a gang of bad guys who lives with him all the troubles he suffers from, the atmosphere is dark, The rain is severe."
1205,1981,Egypt,0,0,
1206,1980,Lebanon,0,0,
1207,1978,Egypt,0,0,
1208,1976,Kuwait,0,0,"The events take place in Kuwait in the forties of the twentieth century before the emergence of oil, and show the story of a shy love in the conservative society between Maryam and Khalifa, and the obstacles that face them."
1209,1975,United States of America,0,0,
1210,1964,Egypt,0,0,"The three friends Mustafa, Magdy and Ahmed decide to work during the summer vacation, and they are waiting for the results to appear. They rent a buffet to sell sweets, frozen drinks and sandwiches. Each of them has his dreams and aspirations, so Magdy loves his colleague Nashwa, and he wants to marry her, Magdy does not know that his second friend Ahmed exchanges the same love. While Ahmed loves music and aspires to be a famous singer, one of the dancers tries to throw her window at Ahmed."
1211,1962,Egypt,0,0,"Hamdi graduates from the conservatory and proposes to propose to Laila, which he loves, but he is surprised by the death of her father, and her mother's refusal to marry him. Hamdi is invited to attend one of the parties by the wealthy (Ahmed), so (Fayza Hanim) the aristocratic lady hears him, admires him and develops a strong friendship between them."
1212,1957,United States of America,0,0,
1213,1936,Egypt,0,0,
1214,1936,Egypt,0,0,"One of the first and most successful landfill programs in Egypt, which lasted for about fourteen consecutive years, the landfills take place in the street and the protagonist of the prank is the average citizen."
1215,1936,Egypt,0,0,
1216,1990,Egypt,2.8,2,"(Faris) is recruited into the Central Security Forces, so his fiancée (Wahiz) feels sorry for his separation. In the camp, he gets acquainted with (Salah) and (Abu Saree) who are coming from distant villages, and a friendship is established between them. The mother of (Abu Saree) comes with her daughter to visit him, his sister goes out to bring some needs, so she gets lost and falls into the clutches of (Hamida)."
1217,1986,Lebanon,2.8,2,"The events of the film revolve around Naoum (Karim Abu Al-Shakra), an unemployed man who suffers from severe financial hardship that makes him indebted to all around him, and tries to escape and hide from their demands for debt. He gets acquainted with Nemat (Sabah), the owner of a company for employment and service who decides to help him and arranges a job for him in one Palaces and is expelled because he interferes in the life of the owner of the palace, discovers her betrayal, and begins another work in walking dogs off and continues to move from one job to another."
1218,1980,Egypt,2.8,2,"The head of the gang kidnapped Hussein, the simple employee, Khamis as Talaat Al-Nahlawi, demanding a large sum of money, this similarity is what makes Hussein kidnap Khamis as Talaat, Khamis fails to convince Hussein that he is not Talaat, Khamis knows Talaat's address and when he goes there he meets the Talaat family, who She welcomes him, and Khamis fails to convince the Talaat family that he is not Talaat."
1219,1977,Egypt,2.8,2,"Basbousa is an orphan girl, who has a love affair with Samir, takes advantage of the admiration of Rafat, the director of Samir, and asks him to promote her fiancé, so he agrees, which arouses the jealousy of one of his colleagues, and he begins to spread rumors."
1220,1962,Egypt,2.8,2,"A family consisting of a husband, wife and child, the husband embezzles the money in his custody of the funds of the company in which he works and is imprisoned and dies in prison, his son leaves school, and the years pass by and becomes a partner in a robbery gang, but one day he meets a girl from an average family who loves her and is forced for her to To leave the gang and live honest."
1221,1956,Egypt,2.8,2,"The movie revolves around a doctor who falls in love with a patient who discovers that she is the wife of his brother, who has been away from him since childhood after the death of their parents, and discovers that his brother is a criminal who tried to kill his wife to seize her money in order to marry his lover, and when he tries to save his girlfriend from death, he is injured, Then the criminal knows that the doctor is his brother, regrets his act, and surrenders himself to justice."
1222,1950,Egypt,2.8,2,"While chasing a drug-smuggling gang, the officer Magdy lost his way in the desert, and the Bedouin Saba rescued him and accompanied him to her tribe, most of which work in drug smuggling, and her family decided to get rid of the officer after they knew his character and Saba learned this intention, so it would facilitate his escape and take her with him so that her family would not kill her Here begins the chase between the gang and the officer."
1223,2012,Morocco,2.75,1,"The film tells the story of Zero (Younes Bawab), Zero works as a police officer, in his thirties. The streets of Casablanca, Morocco, are his workplace, as he wanders at night the streets surrounded by the weight of loss and futility."
1224,1978,Egypt,2.8,3,"The teacher, Khadr, has great control over the cement market. He has a single daughter, Zakia, who loves Adel. He fabricates a murder for him. One of his father's assistants at the agency separates and establishes another agency. Teacher Khadr is paralyzed, so the daughter decides to run the agency on behalf of her father. She stands head-to-head with Ragheb, who broke away from him."
1225,1950,Egypt,2.8,3,"Khaled (Imad Hamdi) is a bandit and the leader of the black gang, and he has a partner who loves to shed blood, and one day Khaled gets to know Jaziya (Hassiba Rushdie) after he rescued her from Sweilam, who tried to attack her her twice, and the tribe to which Suwailem belonged and searched for Khaled Everywhere to get revenge on him for killing Swailem, and at the same time feelings of love grow between Khaled and Jaziya because of his rescue."
1226,1950,Egypt,2.8,3,"Kamal Al-Rassam is related to Yvonne, a schoolmate in France, but he gets to know Samira in Egypt, who works as a traveling artist with her uncle and cousin, and Kamal can find a job for her in one of the theaters, and the grandfather knows what Kamal did, so he decides to marry him to Stita, but things change when his father returns Samir after everyone thought he was dead."
1227,1946,Egypt,2.8,3,"Shaker Bey Hamdi, a widower of a senior judge, whose daughter studied music in Europe. Shaker meets Samira and gets to know her family, and gets to know Anayat. Shaker asks for Samira's hand, who tried to commit suicide after her lover who won her honor abandoned her, and nominated Shakir's daughter Samira as a wife To him, Samira happens to admit to him what happened to her before him."
1228,2005,Egypt,2.8,4,"The events of the movie revolve around the oppression that women suffer in society through a group of girls of low cultural level, who live rosy dreams before their marriage, but dreams collide with reality."
1229,1991,Egypt,2.8,4,"An athletic hero and a skilled dancer, love ties between him and his college colleague, the two families determine the date of announcing the engagement, but Mohsen suffers an accident and becomes paralyzed, so he asks his mother to hide the matter from his fiancée and tries to overcome his disability voluntarily and refuses to move to the marital apartment except with his mother, so the dispute begins between him and His fiancée."
1230,1979,Egypt,2.8,4,"In the period of the forties during the conflict between the rebels and the British occupation, a love story grows between Hassan Al-Mughanati and Naima, the mayor's daughter, whose family refuses to crown this love by marriage because Naima must marry her cousin and not anyone else. Love, but assures her that his love for Naima is like destiny and cannot be escaped from."
1231,1968,Egypt,2.8,4,"A young girl marries the author who loves his books. She marries him out of her desire. However, she quickly becomes apparent in her husband's behavior, the opposite of what he declares in his books. And they agree to marry."
1232,1962,Egypt,2.8,4,"The two brothers lose their parents when they are in infancy, and a poor woman takes care of them who runs a café. The older brother works to continue his studies and so he can get a job in a company to help his younger brother complete his medical studies. Events."
1233,1961,Egypt,2.8,4,"Hamed is a young man from the village, whose mother wants to marry him to a village girl like him and be of good character, but he falls in love with a Roma girl named Khaleda who works as a singer, and the mother objects to this marriage, and both Hamed and Khaleda decide to flee their love to another place, and at the same time The owner of the band that Khaleda was working for tries to find her to put her back in the group."
1234,1954,Egypt,2.8,4,"The husband lives happily with his small family, but happiness does not last, as jealousy springs into the heart of a friend, so he tells the husband that his wife is betraying him, his life changes, he resorts to alcohol, and he searches for evidence confirming his wife's betrayal of him, so he finds emotional messages that do not concern the wife, but that she came to The nanny of the two children, the husband imagines that his wife is cheating on him, so he divorces her, and the events follow."
1235,1944,Egypt,2.8,4,"Khurshid Pasha loses his daughter Nadia in Sudan fifteen years ago, he is displaced to Egypt with his secretary, Murad. He commanded him to search for her on his deathbed."
1236,1942,Egypt,2.8,4,"Al-Usta (Bahbah) Al-Hallaq lives in Baghdad. One of his clients, Sheikh (Makhlouf), tells him. Shahbandar Al-Trajan, that he had a son who was always ill, his name (Qamar al-Din)."
1237,2017,Tunisia,2.65,1,"The events of the film are based on a realistic story that was found on September 3, 2012, which was the rape of a girl by Awni Security in Ain Zaghouan, Tunis. Between the police stations and the emergency department in the hospital, Maryam, who was raped, lives in seasons of physical suffering and psychological pain, as she wants to complain and extract her right from those who raped her, while the party that is supposed to receive the complaint and move towards the judiciary is the same opponent."
1238,2011,Lebanon,2.65,1,
1239,1976,Egypt,2.8,5,"Firdaws is serving her sentence in prison for stealing an hour. She is kept in the same cell as Samia, who works in one of the show teams, and is unjustly arrested in a brothel, while Mona crashes a child with her car and dies. The sentence ends, and Firdaus works at a bird's poultry farm, but leaves it when a bird and his son compete to marry her."
1240,1976,Egypt,2.8,5,"The two brothers, Sherif and Adel, fall in love with one girl, Najwa. Adel hopes to marry her, but she loves Sharif, and after the completion of the study, Adel falls ill, and he knows that he has a malignant disease and there is no hope of recovery from it, so he asks Najwa to marry, and events escalate."
1241,1975,Egypt,2.8,5,"Hosni does not find a suitable time to spend at home to take care of the affairs of his home, wife and children, as he is the editor-in-chief of one of the well-known magazines, and he writes on youth issues, but he finds himself immersed in work and in a relationship with his secretary Suhair without knowing that she is secretly married to his son Khaled The October War begins and Khaled is martyred in it with others, and the father discovers the extent of his mistake. His wife returns to the house while his son sends a letter to his father before his death, recommending him to his wife Suhair."
1242,1966,Syria,2.8,5,"The events of the film revolve around a psychiatrist who uses his patients through hypnosis to rob them, without evidence of his theft. In investigating the matter and searching for the culprit."
1243,2017,The United Arab Emirates,2.6,1,"In the future, the world is witnessing a desperate conflict due to pollution of water sources, which leads to the spread of chaos and destruction, and a group of survivors from this devastation tries to search for the only source of pure water remaining in the area that they settle, but with two visitors to their gathering place, both of them turn into a test tool To survive, where you must choose those who fit from their point of view."
1244,1985,Kuwait,2.6,1,"A very impure ritual drama about a man addicted to alcohol and alcohol and the destruction it causes to the family, money and home of children. Abu Adnan created the role of an addict and Suad Abdullah created the role of the wife fighting family problems"
1245,1978,Lebanon,2.6,1,"In one of the Lebanese villages, a beautiful woman suffers from the traditions imposed on her. She falls in love with a wealthy married man, but she cannot win her lover."
1246,1967,Egypt,2.6,1,"Ahmed is one of the most prominent champions of swimming, which makes him the focus of attention of many girls, and he actually falls in love with one of them, but his severe heart attack reveals to him his inevitable fate with life and love."
1247,1966,Egypt,2.6,1,"The daughter of a millionaire travels to Tunisia with her father's secretary, and there she refuses to sing at parties despite her beautiful voice, and she gets acquainted with a young man who likes to flirt with women, throws his nets at her, knows his history and decides to teach him a lesson."
1248,2018,Egypt,2.8,6,"The events revolve around a couple who own a restaurant and become lost memory after an accident and do not remember anything of what happened to them in the last ten years, so they have many comic situations."
1249,1993,Egypt,2.8,6,"After the 1967 war, three contractors conspire to bribe the famous singer to arrest her on charges of communicating with foreign parties. After her husband commits suicide, she is sentenced to prison, and all her attempts to prove her innocence are unsuccessful. When she was released in the year 73, she would return to open her case."
1250,1986,Egypt,2.8,6,"The movie revolves around Al-Prince, who leads a drug trafficking gang, and he controls the gang members through a weakness in all of them, but he also plans to woo the loyalty of an airline stewardess who loves Rushdie, one of his aides, to use her to smuggle a shipment of drugs, but Rushdie falls in love with her. Indeed, and he is trying by various means to save her from the situation in which he placed it."
1251,1980,Lebanon,2.75,3,"Three brothers work in a different profession, the first being a police inspector, the second as a translator, and the third a merchant. A police inspector succeeds in arresting (Valinry), a dangerous criminal who is wanted all over the world."
1252,1975,Egypt,2.75,3,"Ahmed travels to Cairo to attend university. He is engaged to his colleague Suhair at the same time, his brother Hussein's relationship with Mona is strengthened and he is engaged to her without the knowledge of his mother, as she wants to be the wife of each of them of her choice, and therefore she revolts when Ahmed tells her about his engagement."
1253,1967,Egypt,2.75,3,"The movie revolves around two friends: (Shukri) who works as an engineer in a company, and (Sami) his friend who breaks up his engagement to (Ali) under the pretext that she is more interested in her work than he does. The two are fighting to win the heart of the beautiful nurse (Samira) She is more inclined to (Shukri), and he exchanges his feelings, the two lovers keep pranking each other, and the events unfold."
1254,1961,Egypt,2.75,3,"(Awatef) the dancer (Jamil) loves the player in the nightclub where she works, even though both of them are married. The two lovers have no opportunity after (Jamil's wife) travels to the resort with her children, and (Nabil )'s husband (Awatif) travels to Lebanon, and when he visits her in The police arrest the house, believing that he is (Nabil), then he enters the prison, and (Jamil) gets out of prison after discovering the mistake, and decides to take revenge for what happened to him."
1255,1954,Egypt,2.75,3,"Two friends are married and happy, and each has his own ideas of life, the first believes that he must determine childbearing, and be satisfied with his only child, forcing his wife to take medicine so that she does not give birth again, and the second friend, he has many children. He is rich and thinks he can have children."
1256,2019,The United Arab Emirates,2.7,2,"Hani, a farmer, causes many problems, and he is fired from work, and his regrets and the people of his area sympathize with him, and they try to help him find a new job, which puts them in many comic ironies."
1257,2015,Egypt,2.7,2,"The beginning of the journey of the doctor of excellence, Yusef (Ramez Amir), in his first night shift at the reception of Al-Qasr Al-Aini Hospital, on a cold winter night, and the negatives and positives he encountered due to the lack of capabilities, the different human models, and the motives and outlook of his fellow doctors at the beginning of their career, as they are future doctors"
1258,2011,Lebanon,2.7,2,"The events of the movie \ Ibrahim has the opportunity to confront a mysterious woman he knew 20 years ago, when he committed a murder because of her, while now returning to his homeland to confront his troubled past."
1259,1991,Egypt,2.7,2,"Hussein suffers a sudden paralysis in one of his legs, and his wife Sukkar clings to him, and he visits the psychiatrist Fathi to seek treatment."
1260,1987,Egypt,2.8,7,"Hala is a young girl who is adopted by a family as a child, but gives up when she grows up and becomes young. Hala turns to theft and falls into the hands of a gang that exploits her, and is involved in a number of operations."
1261,1975,Egypt,2.8,7,"Three prisoners escape from the prison, (Sultan) and (Hamada) his brother, and with them a very cruel prisoner, and they are now trying to hide out from the sight of the police. They inhabit it, and an atmosphere of terror looms over that innocent family, and the police search for escapees, search the homes, and Dr. Zaki appears calm, trying to find a way out of these families."
1262,1968,Egypt,2.8,7,"Hoda, a student in a boarding school, feels sad because of her father's neglect of her at the behest of his wife, and when she spends the vacation with her father and his wife, the wife and Sanaa the daughter treat her very badly, until Dr. Responsibility and not suitable for marriage."
1263,2015,Kuwait,2.5,1,"In the form of suspense and excitement, and within a period of only one day, a married woman discovers how many lies she was living in due to what she is experiencing during this day of exciting events."
1264,1979,Syria,2.5,1,"A man suggests to an artist that his life is limited due to his illness, so she marries him, then discovers his trick, and the magic turns on the magician when he learns about the matter of the owner of the club in which she works."
1265,1967,Lebanon,2.5,1,"Samia is associated with the mischievous young Mamdouh, and he goes out with him one day when she rides his car, and when she asks him to marry him, he evades her, and travels abroad, her attempt to commit suicide fails, but Ahmed saves her and knows from her the story of the fetus waiting for him, and because Ahmed is an old man and lives alone, so He asks her to marry him and give birth to a daughter whom he calls his name."
1266,1959,Egypt,2.5,1,"Hassan lives with his miserly father, who stores his money in a private safe. The father dies and inherits the good money. He gets engaged to Laila, and she travels to live in Alexandria with her brother Ahmed, and he wraps bad friends around Hassan, so he turns into a reckless young man who wastes money, meets Laila, and deceives her, then Abandoning her, Laila hides the matter from her brother, then Hassan travels abroad, and she is separated and she marries another man."
1267,1985,Egypt,2.8,8,(Nabil) returns to Egypt after an absence of 18 years to retrieve his father's palace after the guard has been lifted from him. He gets to know the school (Amal). Nabil) to his world.
1268,1983,Egypt,2.8,8,Teacher (Khalil) is a big merchant who monopolizes the leather trade in the neighborhood. Mohsen with money from his brother but with his debts accumulating the tannery is seized.
1269,1952,Egypt,2.8,8,"During the Turkish occupation of Kufa, there was an imam in the city called Juha, calling for people to guide and always walk on the straight path, so his method was to preach to people explaining the disadvantages of this occupation. Rather, the matter leads to his arrest and imprisonment, and after a while he orders his release, but he is still continuing his struggle against injustice and injustice."
1270,1986,Egypt,2.65,2,"The events of the film revolve around the school of good morals, and how he tries hard to control his school and his rioting students, to reflect the image of the good student who has good morals, and funny comedic situations erupt between the rioting students and their teacher, the daughter of the school principal."
1271,1981,Egypt,2.65,2,"Four young friends graduate from the College of Commerce and start their working life. Love ties between Laila and her cousin Ahmed, but she gets angry when he asks her to postpone their marriage until after his return from abroad to obtain a doctorate and travels without formal engagement to her. Laila gets to know Hamdi and seeks to marry him despite the age difference. The big one between them."
1272,1976,Egypt,2.65,2,"The performing artist (Mahmoud) makes a new dance troupe, and he chooses (Kawthar) with a beautiful voice as the trainer of the band. Lelhoeba, the first dancer in the band, feels the intense jealousy of (Kawthar), especially with the growing love between (Kawthar) and (Mahmoud), so she seeks to differentiate Between them, and she succeeds in that, and (Kawthar) marries another person, and she feels (to her) remorse over time, so she seeks to fix her mistake."
1273,1973,Syria,2.65,2,"Bashar and his friend Yassin know by chance about the existence of a treasure on the mountain, through the map that they inherited and draw the location of the map, they know that there was a guard who stole it, and after the head of the gang Edward seized the National Bank, he tries to also seize the map, and he strikes them, and they are injured They are injured, and a tribe finds them, and the beautiful healer takes care of them, and Edward pays his mistress Dalal to tempt Bashar in order to obtain the map to find the treasure."
1274,1959,Egypt,2.65,2,"The events of the movie revolve around an engineer in a textile factory who has union activity and falls in love with his colleague in the factory, and he tries to win the love of this girl and also the union in the factory, but the girl refuses him and the engineer asks his father to propose to the girl, but his father refuses this girl."
1275,1944,Egypt,2.65,2,"In the time of the Mamluks, a love story arises between Badr and Wafa, who grew up in the confines of two conflicting families, to become the two lovers who will change the destinies of the conflicts between the two families, and they have to deliver with their love."
1276,1987,Egypt,2.8,9,"Al-Soul Ahmed works in charge of carrying out the death sentence for those sentenced to death. He has an eldest daughter called Awatef, and is married to Fathi, but she suffers severely from kidney failure, and tries to search for a healthy kidney. New to his wife, but he kills the keeper of the place who steals him."
1277,1983,Egypt,2.8,9,"Samson marries Hadiya, the daughter of the teacher, Mahmoud al-Sabbak. After marriage, he is surprised that his father-in-law has made him sign a number of checks in exchange for the costs of the marriage. The wife travels frequently abroad due to her work as a translator. And he marries her, considering that she will obey him in everything, but she soon watches the world around her and rebellions and demands that he be equal to his first wife."
1278,1983,Egypt,2.8,9,"The events of the film revolve around the teacher Qadoura (Hassan Abdeen), a great drug dealer in Alexandria, who is trying to police officer Kamel (Mahmoud Abdel Aziz) in charge of following his case to find him red-handed with his crime, and he tries to recruit the two brothers Morsi and Hassanein (Hussein Fahmy and Saeed Saleh) who work in the port in transporting goods To help him defeat him, he also seeks the help of Fatima (Majida Al-Khatib) for her desire to take revenge on the teacher Qadura for his involvement in the killing of her brother."
1279,1983,Egypt,2.8,9,"(Masoud) and (Hamed) live in the room of the house (Umm Luahiz). They accumulate debts to the people of the neighborhood, especially the teacher (Azza) the butcher and (Snkar) the grocer. She sympathizes with them (Luaiz) and tries to prevent her mother from asking them for the late rent because she loves (Masoud One day, a letter arrives from Australia stating the death of Masoud's uncle inheriting one million pounds, and with the news spread, everyone wooed them in the hope of obtaining their money as soon as Masoud received the inheritance."
1280,1969,Egypt,2.8,9,"Tawfiq incites the head of the gang, Salem, who works in an atomic energy center, to steal an invaluable atomic shipment and hide it from the eyes, and there are many skirmishes and chases for it."
1281,1959,Egypt,2.8,9,"A loner who has a friend who works in the drug trade, his name is Abu al-Ezz, Abu al-Ezz takes a sole gambling training until he loses all his wealth, and then offers him to return his fortune to participate in drug smuggling business, the police lie in wait for them, except that a loner causes the killing of his cousin the officer Jalal."
1282,2004,Morocco,2.7,3,"In the second part, Khalil (Basil Khayat) continues the narration on the ears of Yunus (Erwa al-Nayrabi) who is lying in a hospital in a coma, but this time he tells him his personal story, his painful love story, his past memories with Shams (Hala Imran), and his experience With the Palestinian resistance, and the many transformations that occurred in his relationship with it."
1283,1972,Egypt,2.7,3,"After returning from abroad, director Fouad Wagdy tries to restore the old relationship between him and Madiha, which she rejects strongly because she is now the wife and mother of the young woman Nagwa, and after her refusal the director tries to woo her daughter Najwa and seduce her, but Najwa is accused in the case of the death of director Fouad Wagdy."
1284,1966,Egypt,2.7,3,"The Bedouin Kunuz, the daughter of a tribe leader, gets to know Haroun from another tribe, who digs a well for the people of his tribe, but faces objection from the men of Sheikh Fawaz, who aspires to control the land."
1285,1965,Egypt,2.7,3,Hamdi Hassan is a well-known journalist. A distant girl named Noha admires him. She was injured in a traffic accident and loves to read. She talks to him on the phone and tries to woo him even though she is impersonating another character.
1286,1960,Egypt,2.7,3,"The story revolves around the singer Dalal, who works in a cabaret. Many men fall in love with her. Her injury in an accident, a doctor comes to treat her and gets to know Dalal, as one of her former clients, the doctor proposes to propose to a cousin (Mustafa), and (Dalal) refuses this marriage, which will reveal her past, so she decides to kill the doctor to preserve her past in front of her husband's family."
1287,1958,Egypt,2.7,3,"A girl escapes from the house of her strict and cruel father and finds her a wandering clown who works with the circus, and works with him in collecting money from the spectators, and soon grows up with him and works with him in all his shows."
1288,1954,Egypt,2.7,3,Laila (Laila Murad) is a volunteer nurse in the Red Crescent who helps the victims of the Palestine war. She gets to know the sagh Adel Noureddine (Yahya Shaheen) and falls in love with him. Quote.
1289,2005,Egypt,2.4,1,"The events of the film revolve around love and hate at a time when human feelings have changed as a result of the change of time, the development of life and the revolution in information and communication. Through the story of a girl who is rebellious against everything, she wakes up to the problems of her friends and changes herself and seeks to stand next to them."
1290,1991,Egypt,2.4,1,"Fattouh leaves the university until he works in changing the currency and the heroin trade. He is surprised that his girlfriend Soso has become addicted. A Zionist drug smuggling organization appears recruiting Fattouh to steal the discovery of the Egyptian scientist Dr. Naamani, which is a serum to purify the blood from addiction. Fattouh decides to avenge his addicted sweetheart, so he is determined to bring down the members of the organization who kidnapped Dr. Nomani and helps the police to reach their headquarters."
1291,1990,Egypt,2.4,1,"Shawqi loves acting and has the opportunity to participate in a movie with a small role, he admires the heroine of the film Faten and exchanges her feelings, the term of the sentence of her fiancé, the previous text ends, revolts for her relationship with Shawqi, he still loves her even though she is blocking him, and he asks Shawqi to stay away from her, Shawqi is engaged to his colleague Samia While studying, the text retaliates against Faten by distorting her face."
1292,1986,Egypt,2.4,1,"Sayed is the victim of a psychiatric patient named Jalal who committed a murder and confessed to his psychiatrist, but Sayed was accused of murder and the psychiatrist tried to persuade Jalal to confess to his crime, but he escapes after the doctor failed to convince him, and the doctor tries to prove Sayed's innocence in a way that does not violate the principles of the profession."
1293,1986,Egypt,2.4,1,"Nemat (Lebleba) is a girl who is looking for her mother, who has been away from her for fifteen years and traveled to Casablanca. Nemat is upset at the treatment of her father, Afifi Bey (Ahmed Mazhar), who does not wish to help her, so she decides to return to Egypt for the sake of her mother's inheritance."
1294,1977,Egypt,2.4,1,"Hisham is accused of assassination and espionage, so the police officer, in cooperation with his assistants and Hisham, tries to capture the network that recruits young Egyptian men and women to spy against state security for the benefit of a strange country."
1295,1973,Lebanon,2.4,1,"An eccentric man falls in love with a wealthy girl, so he kidnaps her and locks her, so the events of the film become more exciting and suspense."
1296,1967,Egypt,2.4,1,"The film revolves around two young men who are sent to an African country to search for a gang of women who smuggle drugs and trade them with most tourists in the city. This international gang works led by a woman who uses African women as a means to smuggle drugs inside Africa and disguise these two policemen in Reporters' status is a fact-finding, and the gang leader is trying to get rid of them."
1297,1956,Egypt,2.4,1,"The events revolve around Kamal, who falls in love with Nadia when he sees her in the club, only to discover that she is a neighbor to his father in the country, and their relationship begins to develop, until his brother Fathi sees her coveting her money, and plotting to keep Kamal away from her until he marries her, so will his plan succeed?"
1298,1950,Egypt,2.4,1,"The work deals with the story of singer Nabila, whose brother constantly seizes her money in order to play gambling, and when his debts accumulate, he tries to marry her off from the owner of the hall in which his sister works in order to avoid going to prison, but she refuses, and later Nabila falls in love with Raouf during their meeting together in one of the stores A love story is born between them, but it faces difficulties."
1299,1959,Egypt,2.8,10,"Circumstances force both Medhat and Laila to spend a day on an island after they were drowned. Aida Habiba Medhat knows that Medhat intends to marry Laila, and that he is trying to keep Jawhar away from her at any cost, so Aida is plotting with Jawhar in order to keep Medhat away from Laila, and after the marriage Aida throws her nets on Medhat, making him imagine that Laila loves Jawhar."
1300,1993,Egypt,2.75,5,"The events revolve around Nousa (Ghada El Shamaa), a beautiful girl who works as a waitress in a hotel, is harassed at her work and is fired for not complying with the wishes of her manager, while the teacher Abu Furuh (Wahid Seif) and his wife Fakiha (Mimi Jamal) run a gang of children who work in pickpocketing And begging."
1301,1990,Egypt,2.75,5,"Usta Mahrous decides to marry his neighbor Zainab despite his mother's objection to her because she is divorced and constantly subjected to harassment from her ex-husband, who harasses her on the day of her marriage to Mahrous, who kills him in self-defense, to enter prison for a period of three years, and Zainab obtains a divorce ruling in absentia and marries businessman Abdel Aal, and soon She discovers that he is trying to use it in his deals."
1302,1990,Egypt,2.75,5,"The operator of the printing press (Salah) lives the concerns of the people of his neighborhood in which corruption is ravaged, so the owner of the video store trades in sexual films, the drug dealer trades openly, and the coffee shop owner allows gambling, and the butcher slaughters outside the slaughterhouse, so he prints personal cards of a senior official and impersonates him to show Officials are interested in the people of the neighborhood, the idea succeeds at first, but the real official appears in one of the visits and the surprise occurs."
1303,1972,Egypt,2.75,5,"A film that discusses the issue of emigration among Egyptian youth in the sixties and seventies, as well as the Vietnam War and apartheid in America, which is not considered paradise."
1304,2000,Egypt,2.35,1,"A young young woman who works as a secretary in a company, succeeds in entrapping a strong and rich businessman in her ropes until she marries him, and after discovering her betrayal, she tries to kill him, and delude everyone that it is suicide, so that she can obtain the inheritance, but the obstacle in front of her is his daughter seeing the heinous incident, the matter Which causes her psychological trauma."
1305,1997,Egypt,2.35,1,"The owner of a company discovers the existence of tampering in documents and intends to inform the prosecution, but a car hits her while she is going to the Public Prosecution office and kills her, and the papers that were in her possession are seized, a passer-by watches the incident and what happened and gives his statements to the police. And his enemy in action."
1306,1987,Egypt,2.35,1,"Al-Karnafli (Hussein El-Sherbiny) leads a gang specialized in stealing money safes in the stores, and he has already succeeded in carrying out many operations, until the police devises a plan to trap him."
1307,1987,Egypt,2.35,1,"Sami is a police officer, who works on chasing a drug trafficking gang without knowing that Kamal, his wife's brother, Laila, is involved in her business, who had just returned from the British capital, London."
1308,1985,Egypt,2.35,1,"Hafizi is an employee who lives with his wife and son, then his friend Safwat joins them at home after deceiving him to keep me hiding in him from criminals trying to kill him, and after discovering the misappropriation of the head of his company, confirming that he has the documents that prove this, but the truth is Safwat's work with illegal acts and his escape from the man who He shares that business."
1309,1983,Lebanon,2.35,1,"The old father marries a young bride, and the woman pushes her husband to expel his four children from the house, so three of them run away and their news is cut off."
1310,1975,Egypt,2.35,1,"A bank manager lives a happy life with his wife, and children. He is characterized by extreme discipline in his work, and the rigor that enabled him to reach a prominent position in the world of finance and business."
1311,1965,Egypt,2.35,1,"At the door of Al-Hadhra prison, three musicians meet in front of the prison, waiting for their friend outside the prison, (Amin) to come out, who just goes to an abandoned house to meet his friend (Yusef), the gang leader, and asks him for his right to the crime for which he entered the prison, gives him ten thousand One pound of clothes that he stole from (Nadia), (Yusef) asks him to know the location of the money that (Nadia) stole, and to get closer to her, (Amin) goes with his fellow musicians to (Nadia) and asks her to work with her."
1312,1964,Egypt,2.35,1,"My dream about you was lost in a race and the creditors began to demand their money, so my dream decided to find a job and sell his house to Marzouq El Silahdar and his fiancée Souad, especially after he read an advertisement for a job and many applicants applied to her, but a friend helped him, where the manager told him that the job is 30 pounds In Aswan, on the condition that the employee is married."
1313,1986,Egypt,2.8,12,"In order to provide housing for her and her family, Zainab goes to work in an Arab country, sends her savings to her husband, then returns to discover that he divorced her and married her in her apartment, and she collapses and decides to take revenge."
1314,1980,Egypt,2.8,12,"Years pass since Abdel-Wadoud and Aziza got married, and they had no children. He marries Laila and they have a baby boy, Omar."
1315,1973,Egypt,2.8,12,"The two friends, Adel and Sharif, live in one apartment, and Sharif falls in love with Inas and exchanges the same feelings, to ask her to marry her cousin Darwish, who suffers from mental problems."
1316,1971,Egypt,2.8,12,"Al-Soul (Radwan) works in a reformatory for young people and treats them cruelly, before the social worker (Karima) comes and treats everyone educational treatment. From the reformatory, to escalating events."
1317,1968,Egypt,2.8,12,"Wahid works as a music teacher in an institution. His student Salwa admires him, who enters the institution because of a crime she committed to defend herself when the employer tried to assault her. To change her appearance."
1318,1955,Egypt,2.8,12,Fatima's mother dies when she gives birth to her. Her father notices that the women in her family die while they give birth to their first child. Let her father spare her this fate away from any man except that (Fatima) falls in love with (Ahmed) without her father's knowledge.
1319,1995,Egypt,2.75,6,"The young recruiter Gharib heads to the fishermen's village in search of his brother's killer, and discovers that he was killed by the group in which he was working, and that the killer is the teacher of Dahi who controls the fate of the village, taking advantage of the fishing boats, while he escapes drugs to increase his wealth, and Gharib plans to take revenge on Dahi"
1320,1989,Egypt,2.75,6,"A master and an Alawite, husband and wife of employees, face life with a modest salary, his colleague at work dies, so he goes to his family to offer his services and help them finish the pension procedures, but after a while the situation of his colleague's family changes from poverty to wealth, and behind this move is that his colleague has secured On his life with an insurance policy."
1321,1988,Egypt,2.75,6,"Afaf dies, leaving her child Ahmed to her harm Hanan al-Aqir, and Hanan was the one who advised her husband to marry Afaf, Ahmed grows up, and shows his love for music, begins his studies, but he is forced to sacrifice his future so that he is free to run the factory with his stepfather, and he loves Aida, whom his younger brother wants Marry her."
1322,1986,Egypt,2.75,6,"(Shehab) is a successful advertising director who is associated with an advertising girl who is looking for fame to be his partner. He meets the dwarf (Chico), who participated in the championship of one of the advertisements, and tells him about the tragedy of a group of dwarves. A businessman named (Radwan) seized their land to build a factory, Shihab decides to help them overcome Radwan and recover the land."
1323,1978,Egypt,2.75,6,"Raafat works on a ship, and there he meets his ex-girlfriend Madiha, who refuses to marry him because of her desire to be associated with a wealthy person, so Raafat tries to win her over, but to no avail."
1324,1973,Egypt,2.75,6,Engineer Sameh loses his sight. His wife Salwa goes to the director of the company so that she can hurry him to sign his travel papers for treatment abroad.
1325,1970,Egypt,2.75,6,"(Hamdi Ibrahim) is a well-known doctor in (Mansoura) and holds the position of president of the Ansar al-Fadila Association. His daughter (Mervat) passes high school, enrolls in the university, and entrusts her to his friend, Dr. (Mohsen), the teacher at the college, to be her guardian, and she resides in the students 'home. Many times, the father makes a mistake when he visits her and enters one of the brothels, and after returning he is surprised that he has been dismissed from the presidency of the association, and at the same time the girl tries to search for love and to make more friends."
1326,1970,Egypt,2.75,6,"The film deals with the life story of the four Rightly Guided Caliphs, may God be pleased with them, Abu Bakr Al-Siddiq, Omar bin Al-Khattab, Othman bin Affan, Ali bin Abi Talib, the shape of society at the time, and the events and personalities that affected the history of Islam."
1327,1965,Egypt,2.75,6,"No one can stand up to the Dafrawy gang, which is wreaking havoc, and a foolish young man roams a drum in the town, and a girl from the village sympathizes with him, but she does not love him, and we discover that this idiot is only the leader of the gang."
1328,1960,Egypt,2.75,6,"(Abu Al-Layl) is a mysterious person wearing a mask on his face and no one knows who he is. He moves with a dog and completely controls the people of a town, and makes them carry out what he orders them to do whatever it is, because of the severity of their fear of him and the only one who can communicate with (Abu Al-Layl) whenever she wants She is (Duha) because of an affair between them, and (Ahmed) tries to do everything in his power to find out who (Abu Al-Layl) is and rid the town of its evils."
1329,1955,Egypt,2.75,6,"The events revolve around a young man who loves football and seeks to become a professional player, despite his family's opposition, but he joins a football team and begins to achieve victories with the team, and at the same time he falls in love with his neighbor, and they agree to marry, but there is a wealthy young man who seeks to spoil that Marriage, will he succeed?"
1330,1954,Egypt,2.75,6,"Nadia suffers from the behavior of her sister Nawal, to turn to Dr. Adel and ask him for advice, to generate love between them, one day a young man arrives who tried to commit suicide because he is paralyzed."
1331,1950,Egypt,2.75,6,"(Raafat Bey Al-Khazindar) is a wealthy man, decides to leave his family seeking to marry another woman, and falls in love with (Qeshta) who loves (Potato) who helped her in her artistic career, but his daughters (Fadia and Nadia) strongly reject what he did, and decide to return him Once again, they travel to (Cairo) in order to search for him, and to do so seek the help of a young man who claims to be affiliated with a wealthy family who tries to trap one of them in his ropes."
1332,1990,Egypt,2.7,4,"(Ibrahim) the sailor is a good person who loves his cousin (Hoda), but (Gharib) proposes his fierce colleague in the Navy to propose to her even though he is a womanizer, and (Shaltuma) the rich butcher proposes to marry Huda also after he changes his name to (Shushu), but Hoda is related I only love Ibrahim."
1333,1985,Egypt,2.7,4,"(Rajab) is a poor man, who lives with his wife from the income of his children (Jalal), the seller of fennel, (Hashem) and (Suad), who sells lottery papers. The rich (Shawqi) sympathizes with Suad, who sees in her a resemblance to his late daughter, and decides to adopt her, and Rajab agrees in return He gets a monthly sum of money, and Souad lives with Shawqi and his sister (Alia) and learns until she reaches college, Rajab enters prison and his son Jalal dies while he is in prison."
1334,1982,Egypt,2.7,4,"Aziz visits his friend Sharif at his home while Salwa Habiba Sharif is drinking a lot, Sharif is tired. He loses consciousness, he is surprised in the morning that the police arrest him and accuses Salwa of killing him."
1335,1973,Egypt,2.7,4,"(Fouad) loves his neighbor (Samia) and wishes to marry her, but she looks at him only as a brother, and thinks about a way in which he tells her the truth of his feelings, at a time when she loves the theater director (Ahmed Fahmy), and she tells her father about their decision to marry after showing his play, and after the show ends (Ahmed) tells her the truth about his serious illness and that he is forced to travel abroad for treatment and cannot get married, while her brother (Hisham) dies in a painful accident, and she feels that she has lost everything."
1336,1972,Egypt,2.7,4,"Essam is a seventeen-year-old man who falls in love with Amina, who is a year younger than him. They flee to Alexandria and marry common-law after their family rejects their marriage due to their young age. While Amina is on the beach, she sees a group of people approach her and thinks that they are her family members who have come to meet her. She retreats back to fall into the sea and drown."
1337,1970,Egypt,2.7,4,"A Lebanese company sends a representative to the Cairo branch to discover the secret of the losses of this branch, and this representative hides in the character of a newly transferred courier, noticing that there is a love story between the daughter of the failed manager and the public relations employee, and he tries to reveal to the girl what is happening."
1338,1967,Egypt,2.7,4,"Youssef is a careless young man. One night, he decides to accompany his friend Muhammad to an evening at the house of his dancer girlfriend Yasmine, but the heart-stricken Muhammad cannot bear dancing, so he dies during the evening. Medhat, Yusef pursues her and pushes her to take from her husband's money, then pushes her to steal an important document for one of the cases in which he acquittes the case owner of the murder charge."
1339,1957,Egypt,2.7,4,"(Samia) is a married woman and has one daughter named (Laila), and one day she discovers (Samia) that she is sick with cancer and that she is close to death, she tries all the time to hide the matter from her husband and daughter, but at the same time she tries to bring her husband closer ( Ahmed) and (Elham) showed his co-worker so that she could check on him before her death, and it really works out, even if that made (Samia) jealous, but things turn upside down when the doctor discovers the error of diagnosis, and she knows that she is not sick."
1340,1956,Egypt,2.7,4,"Kamel is a simple employee who lives with his wife Saham and their young daughter Nadia. The manager invites him and his wife to a party, and during the party he flirts with Kamel's wife, to get involved with Kamel, and then he is fired from work, and the little girl dies, but Kamel does not have the money to buy her medicine, so that his life will be upended with him and his wife After that upside down."
1341,1953,Egypt,2.7,4,"A family consisting of a father who works as a jurist, a son drummer, and a daughter who dancer, they all work in the hall, but the daughter pays most of the house's expenses, and the son gets to know one of the young men from a wealthy family, and his father is a famous lawyer. The son's friend falls in love with his sister, the dancer. Events."
1342,1953,Egypt,2.7,4,"Hassan is a young man who recently graduated from the College of Commerce. He works with his uncle Amin Bey in a securities office. He loves his cousin Samira and the uncle promises them to marry. However, Qamar, an ugly girl who loves Hassan and decides to marry him, Amin asks Hassan to marry Qamar. People with the intention of spending on his dancing mistress."
1343,1978,Egypt,2.8,13,"Yasmin works in a factory. She admires the engineer Raouf who works in the factory without even realizing her. She agrees with the old rich Damanhuri to clean his house in exchange for an amount of money, but this combination between the factory and the Damanhoury house does not last when one of the machines in the factory is damaged and separated, you get to know Raouf She claims that she is the daughter of Damanhouri, and he is offered to marry her, but she neglects this offer, and turns to Abu El-Helou, who also seeks to marry her, but she repels and prevents him."
1344,1968,Egypt,2.8,13,"The nurse Ibrahim practices the medical profession despite not carrying what qualifies him to perform this profession, and he owns a clinic in his village, and with his start of work, the orphan girl Nadia falls in love with him, and Ibrahim works to collect the most money by deluding the healthy villagers that they are sick. However, he regrets his fraud and blackmailing of the people, and Nadia exchanges her feelings."
1345,2019,Egypt,2.65,3,"In the streets of the city empty nothing but its ghosts; Ahmed finds himself lost, but tonight he must help a girl he does not know to have an abortion."
1346,1994,Egypt,2.65,3,"Simon and Sally are two members of an international mafia to steal rare jewelry, and they manage to steal a rare and famous jewel from one of the stores that trade in precious jewelry in Egypt, then travel to Luxor on the deck of a cruise ship."
1347,1990,Egypt,2.65,3,"Soheir returns from abroad after the death of her husband Essam to live with his mother Alawiya, who lives in the same house, Alaa, his cousin Essam, who is paralyzed, and Suheir sympathizes with him. Inheritance, except that the housemaid, Souad, tells her."
1348,1990,Egypt,2.65,3,"Samira suffers from her husband (Samir) in his frequent female relationships, who secretly marries his secretary (Ikhlas) and makes every effort to remove suspicions and jealousy from his wife, then the character of betrayal overcomes him and is not satisfied with his two wives, so he marries the third ... They clamp on him until he almost loses his mind."
1349,1987,Egypt,2.65,3,"Ahmed Ibn, a senior doctor, grows up with his colleague Ibrahim, the only son of a major businessman, and the two young men succeed. Ibrahim's father established a hospital at the highest level, and he assigned Ahmed the task of managing the hospital from the administrative side and Ibrahim from the medical point of view. Dawlat to strengthen the link between Ahmed and Maha."
1350,1978,Egypt,2.65,3,"(Jasser) sneaks into (Yasser's) house in order to steal, but he feels a strange movement, as (Saadia) the servant's wife (Ibrahim) tries to find out who is in the house, to kill her and kill Yass in you, and during that Ibrahim arrives, and his daughter (Naima) testifies against him After she saw him holding a knife next to her mother's body, he was imprisoned, and events escalated."
1351,1955,Egypt,2.65,3,"A love story grows between Fatima and Hassan in the embrace of nature, and despite his promises to her, the circumstances of their families prevented the marriage from being completed, so the girl's father swore not to marry his daughter until after revenge on the killer of his midwife, to discover that Hassan is the son of the person he is looking for, and events escalate."
1352,1952,Egypt,2.65,3,"It appears in the life of the father of a girl named Suad, this girl was the fruit of a sin with her mother, and after the father thought that she was lost in the crowd, in fear of the family center as well as his literary center, Souad works as a singer in one of the halls. His daughter, and this was an entrance to extort huge sums of money from the father, claiming that in the event of non-payment, he would reveal his secret that he kept hidden throughout the past years."
1353,1951,Egypt,2.65,3,"A wife who is dedicated to serving her family and caring for her husband who betrays her and has fun with a dancer, but he decides to return to his wife and informs the dancer about that, so she decides to take revenge and pours him poison in food and accuses the wife of murder."
1354,1945,Egypt,2.65,3,"The film revolves around (Jamal); Who works as a translator, and exchanges feelings of love with the girl (Dalal), but the dancer (Markad) stands as a stumbling block to the realization of their relationship, which Jamal tries to resist by all means, which drives Markad to fabricate a murder for him, and travels to Italy;"
1355,2018,The United Arab Emirates,2.55,2,"The events revolve around 4 elderly men who spend the remaining years of their lives mourned and grieving in an adult shelter, to the moment when fortune smiles at them unexpectedly when one of them inherits a great fortune, enabling them to return to fulfill their previous dreams that were forgotten in an adventure on the streets of Dubai."
1356,2012,Lebanon,2.55,2,"The events of the movie take place during the Lebanese war in 1982, when a young priesthood falls in love with a beautiful girl who visits her family for a while and begins to face many social problems that put their love to the test."
1357,1982,Egypt,2.55,2,"(Luna) is a beautiful, poor, homeless girl. An old woman decides to shelter her, and the singer (Samir) lives next to them, who does not feel comfortable with her presence. Laila tries to save him from the abyss he fell into."
1358,1946,Egypt,2.55,2,"Othman, as a tramway man and a master of the tram driver, and son Ata`, loves to sing. He meets the dancer Ata`, Nousa, and she loves him and invites him to visit her in the cabaret. A friend of Nousa's friend is upset by the appearance of Taa`. A wealthy man offers him to work with Nusa as a singer in a cabaret, and Othman tries to push his son to marry his neighbor."
1359,2012,Egypt,2.25,1,"A young man from a rich family loves a poor girl, and decides to marry her; But his mother refuses and his cousin marries him, so he agrees with his sweetheart, who has also married, to congratulate each other on their birthday every year, and when his birthday came, she did not call him, so he knew from his manager that she had died in an accident while she was going to call him, and he was shocked."
1360,2011,Jordan,2.25,1,"The story of the film revolves around the forty-year-old Youssef (Ali Suleiman), who suffers from testicular problems that compel him to undergo a serious surgery within four days, but he does not have the high costs of the operation and is forced to resort to his ex-wife who separated from him due to losing his job due to the crisis. Al-Alamiah, and his fourteen-year-old son, despite his need for money and his unwillingness to disclose what he suffers due to his fear of his society's view that a complaint about a testicular surgery may detract from his manhood, causing him a great psychological crisis."
1361,1995,Egypt,2.25,1,"(Nadia) loves acting and looks forward to working in the cinema, she gets to know (Mona) the secretary of the producer (Mamdouh). Actress (Laila) wife (Mamdouh), who is very similar to her, was killed by her brother (Saeed) in greed for inheritance, and because she was threatening him with a false power of attorney for him, (Mamdouh) (Nadia) exploits (Saeed) to illuminate (Saeed) that (Laila) is still alive"
1362,1988,Egypt,2.25,1,"David seizes the shop of the merchant Dergham with the help of Sonia, who demands that he avenge her on Sabreen, kills Sonia so that she does not represent him, and affixes the accusation to Sabreen, who escapes from the neighborhood."
1363,1968,Egypt,2.25,1,"The story revolves around the rich man (Aziz Bey) who arrives with his bride when she is a young woman in the prime of her life and the aggressiveness of her youth, and in the estate there is a young man who works in the horse stable (Salim) and his mother often complains about his failure in many previous jobs, the new bride suffers The most suffering from the private marital life with her husband Aziz Bey, due to his sexual weakness and his inability to meet her needs as a female."
1364,1967,Egypt,2.25,1,"(Laila) is a dreamy village girl, who lives in a simple village, and decides to flee from her uncle's cruel house, who wants to marry her to a young man she does not like, with whom he has some interests, and she goes to the capital Beirut and works as a singer in a singing group, and soon becomes bankrupt. The band leader asks a wealthy person to help her, and (Saeed Abu al-Dahab) sees (Laila) and loves her."
1365,1971,Egypt,2.8,14,"The bus stops on the agricultural road, and Madiha's father informs the police about his daughter's disappearance, because she was going to marry the thug Sami Farid, but with the bus breaking down, Fathi and Madiha go to a hotel to sleep there. In the morning people read the news of Madiha's disappearance, and they think that Fathi is the serial killer."
1366,1966,Egypt,2.8,14,"A young engineer whose wife dies in a car accident and leaves his young daughter to him, and because he is a petroleum engineer, he must be absent from the house, so he brings a maid to the house and takes her with him to his home in Suez where he works. Including the speed of getting rid of it, and when he presents it to the doctor, the latter tells him that abortion is a danger to her life, which puts the man in crisis."
1367,1979,Egypt,2.75,7,"Attia is dispensing with his friend, Hassan, who works at the printing house that he owns. Al-Usta Hassan confronts Attia, who is preparing a fire in the printing press, and accuses Fathi Ibn Hassan of setting the fire until it separates him from his daughter Suhair. Fathi escapes and is chased by Attia, who shoots him and runs away."
1368,1979,Egypt,2.75,7,"The angel Tomar goes down to live with the people of the earth and lives among humans, gets to know the magician Solomon who discovers that Tomar has a magic eye and persuades him to work with him. , But they fail to control the police for them."
1369,1978,Egypt,2.75,7,"Ouza and Hamdi succeed in joining Iman to work with them in drug smuggling, and Iman travels to Tunisia on a mission for each of Hamdi and Ouzah, while she is traveling to meet the pilot Ahmed, the relationship between them is strengthened and love knows its way to their hearts. Iman's financial condition improves and she decides to stop this work and her travels are canceled."
1370,1973,Egypt,2.75,7,"(Salwa), a poor young woman who sells grilled corn to customers on a beach in Lebanon, falls in love with a guitarist whom she meets by chance, and at the same time she searches for her mother and sister, who lost them since she was young, and the events follow in a way that pushes on her way wonderful coincidences in both her stories."
1371,1986,Egypt,2.8,15,"After her rich father becomes bankrupt and executed, Sally goes to live with her sister and her husband, she lives a liberated life, she is photographed in negligence at one of the parties she was invited to while stealing a piece of jewelry belonging to one of the attendees, Hassan who made the filming tries to take the opportunity to extort her from In order to participate in the theft of their friends' apartments."
1372,1953,Egypt,2.8,15,"A nurse succeeds in replacing the baby (Rashad), the son of her sister, with the newborn (Nadia), in order to fulfill her sister's husband's dream of inheriting huge sums of money, as the grandfather stipulated that his wealth would be devolved to his grandson."
1373,2017,Kuwait,2.5,2,
1374,2015,Lebanon,2.5,2,"In one of the Lebanese villages, the child Laba lives, who suffers from heavy speech, which makes him the object of exasperation and ridicule for many of his schoolmates. At that time, Laba began to compensate for writing pronunciation, then the piano came to his village and began to learn to play at the hands of Professor Fawzi, and he got rid of his problem With the passage of days, he became a teacher of music and singing, married and had a handicapped boy named Ghadi, whose chatter angered the people of the village, except that in his father's eyes he was an angel, which he is trying to prove to the people of his village all."
1375,2012,Lebanon,2.5,2,"The film deals with many social issues in Lebanese society, within the framework of the story of three personalities in Beirut, whose destinies intersect without knowing any of the other, and the decisions of each affect in an unknowable way the lives of the other characters."
1376,2004,Lebanon,2.5,2,"Shafiq, a professor of philosophy at a university, lives the civil war in Lebanon with all its suffering, residing in a building located on the line of contact between the East and the West in Beirut in 1985. Shafiq wakes up from the darkness of a night he spent in the apartment of a natour al-Amara, with a woman in his arms, he did not think that he would touch her And he accepts it and does not even know its shape when he escapes from the bombing of war and hides with that guardian, then, he becomes captured by it, looking for it day and night among his students, in the service, in the building in which he lives."
1377,1977,Egypt,2.5,2,"The events revolve around (Mona) who is married to the senior official (Rushdie), but she does not love him and seeks a divorce from him to marry her lover, the officer (Kamal), before a family collides with her car so that its members die immediately, and her husband seeks to fabricate the accusation of one of his enemies, to escalate the events."
1378,1971,Lebanon,2.5,2,"The events of the film revolve around a poor family who depends heavily on their daughter, who works as a singer in small bars, and one day the daughter meets a young millionaire returning from Paris and falls in love with him, and the family encourages this relationship until she marries this millionaire in order to lift them from the poverty in which they live In it, but the girl refuses to consummate the marriage due to the disparity in the social level."
1379,2019,Egypt,2.15,1,
1380,1979,Egypt,2.8,16,"Baheya is a show girl in a troupe who roams the moulids, around which the whole group's work revolves around. One night, Bahia falls in her gaze on Ashraf. Love grows between the poor girl and the rich writer. She leaves the group in search of another way to earn a living, so she works in a factory. Ashraf is looking for her and knows where she is. And he confesses to her of his intention to marry her, so she goes with him."
1381,1961,Egypt,2.8,16,"A widowed man lives with his four daughters, but he always restricts them with regard to upbringing, so he forbids them to mix or work, and when the father goes out on the pension, he decides to invest his reward in a company that he later discovers that he has taken over his money, so he falls down the stairs and enters the hospital injured, and the girls are forced To get to work."
1382,2015,Lebanon,2.7,5,"Both brothers Ziad and Joe work in the drug trade while they work in a pizzeria in the Lebanese capital Beirut, and with their younger brother Jad leaving prison after serving his sentence for a crime committed by his brother Ziad, Ziad decides to stop working in drugs by opening his own restaurant Of his savings."
1383,2008,Palestine,2.7,5,
1384,1990,Egypt,2.7,5,"After the skilled diver Hasan managed to arrest the Prince and his gang members, he receives his reward in exchange for instructing the police about the Prince's gang, the gang members flee during their deportation, the Prince burns Hassan's house, and his wife and son die. Flora who pays for treasure."
1385,1986,Egypt,2.7,5,"Farida (Nadia al-Jundi), the owner of the house, decides to demolish the house and build a large residential tower, and she does not pay any attention to the residents of the house, but her misfortune makes her fall in love with Ali, who is one of the residents of the house. From Farida and Revenge to the home dwellers."
1386,1976,Egypt,2.7,5,"In the Al-Mallahat area in Alexandria, the teacher Adam lives with his spoiled son Mukhtar, and his third wife, Ghazia Shawq, while the second son, Ahmed, is the engineer who returned after completing his studies abroad. His brother, because he loved Mukhtar's mother more than the other, Mukhtar causes his father to go blind by an unintended mistake, and the brother suspects that there is a relationship between his brother and his wife."
1387,1974,Egypt,2.7,5,"Three friends quarrel and enter prison, and each of them tries to take a serious path after leaving it, Hamada is a successful fashion designer in his business. Shalabi is an insurance representative, and the third Selim travels to Alexandria to work in the port. The gang headed by Isaac and Bahir begins to confront Selim through the gangster Marzouq, and there is a plot against him."
1388,1952,Egypt,2.7,5,"The dancer Suhair gets acquainted with the worker Munir, falls in love with him, and delusions that she is a servant, admires his personality, and works to be a famous figure. Inspiration gets married, and events escalate."
1389,1950,Egypt,2.7,5,"Afrah is a music teacher and her father is an obscure musician, and her sister Nahed works in Hendawi shops, and the two sisters fall in love with a distracted and frivolous young man."
1390,1982,Egypt,2.8,17,"(Ahmed) is an employee at the zoo, who falls from the top of the stairs of his house and is transferred to the hospital, and after his treatment he accuses his neighbor (Thana) that she pushed him and caused his downfall, and accordingly Thanaa is arrested and brought to trial. About his wife, her husband continues to search for any information about Ahmed through those around him."
1391,1976,Egypt,2.75,8,"(Yusef) a thunderbolt soldier loses a dear friend in a commando operation, he is shocked and dismissed from service. He works as a doubler for heroes in dangerous scenes, and he achieves great success."
1392,1976,Egypt,2.75,8,"Khadija, a village girl, sees loud parties in Al-Bey Palace, and falls in love with Khouli Mujahid. She is eager to visit Cairo, her mother gets sick, so she goes with her for treatment at Dr. Hassan, who loves his emancipated cousin. Hassan asks his friend Monem to seek to turn Khadija into a modern girl, and she becomes an amazing girl."
1393,1975,Egypt,2.75,8,"The Basha revolts against Zaki's daughter when he learns that he has sinned with his cousin Hasania, but he knows that she is pregnant, so he revolts more and is determined to marry her with his knowledge of one of the peasants who work on his land, Ibrahim. Hosnia is a baby, and Ibrahim doubts his marriage."
1394,1975,Egypt,2.75,8,A pickpocket adopts a young girl. The beautiful girl grows up and marries a rich man.
1395,1971,Egypt,2.75,8,"Mona tries to save Laila, the daughter of wealthy Radwan, who is at the same time her husband, and is struggling to save her from the clutches of Hussein, who learned his morals and natures through a previous relationship with him, but Hussein threatens Mona to divulge her secret to her wealthy husband if she does not move away from him, so Hussein takes Laila to his home and tries Assaulting her, Laila lives in bad conditions and a bitter psychological struggle."
1396,1959,Egypt,2.75,8,"Warda (Samiha Ayoub) wants to take care of her orphaned siblings after the death of the father, and she decides to reopen the flower shop that her father owned so that she can spend on the house. Warda finds herself in the middle of a troubled relationship between the compliance of (Tahiya Karioka) and Izzat (Mohsen Sarhan), whom she met So when he comes to buy roses from her, we discover that there is a criminal gang behind compliance and controlling it."
1397,1956,Egypt,2.75,8,"The events of the film revolve around (Fatima) who lives with her father, who moves all the time from home to another every period, and believes that he works in a printing press, and she is linked to a love story with the officer (Salah) her neighbor, and when she tells her father that Salah wants to marry her, she discovers that Her father is running away from a prison sentence, and her marriage to Salah will expose her father to imprisonment, so what will she do in this dilemma?"
1398,1955,Egypt,2.75,8,"The movie revolves around a man who works all the time between two jobs, a truck driver during the day, and a singer in nightclubs in the evening, and on one of his days of work, while he is driving a truck, the British occupation forces arrest him while he is at km 99, and this incident is witnessed by a worker Cafes, who decide to help the singer by smuggling him out of their hands."
1399,2015,Lebanon,2.65,4,"Dahab (Maggie Bou Ghosn) is a girl who studied at the university and graduated from it, and after graduation she began the arduous journey to search for a job, and for her fortune that she had been chosen to work with her and her lover in the Republican Palace, and with the utmost importance of the place in which they work, each of them becomes a connecting link between the people And the President of the Republic, which leads to an increase in their popularity."
1400,1993,Egypt,2.65,4,"Teacher Zakaria owns a fleet of fishing boats, but he secretly deals in drugs and Sheikh Saleh, his chief of staff and his friend, asks him to stop his illegal trade, otherwise he will report him to the police, and he will be killed, and the teacher Zakaria takes care of Diab and Suad, my child Sheikh Saleh until Diab becomes a young man joining a store. Will we discover the truth behind the teacher Zakaria?"
1401,1985,Egypt,2.65,4,"Faydi objects to the marriage of his daughter Salwa to Samir due to the social difference between them and agrees to her marriage to Doctor Adel. It becomes clear that Adel conducts experiments to embalm people in his laboratory, Samir's financial conditions improve when he wins a lottery ticket, then Adel starts embalming Salwa and her father."
1402,1985,Egypt,2.65,4,"Sherif, the customs accountant, lives with his brother Lotfi. Umniah gets to know Sharif and proposes to work in the company of her friend Fahmy, who plans to remove him from his work because of his toughness and integrity, which hinders the passage of his suspicious customs operations. She convinces him to demolish the house and school that he owns with his brother Lotfi to build a huge building. Lotfi refuses, so Sharif succeeds in entering the mental hospital."
1403,1984,Egypt,2.65,4,"Ismail's uncle comes to visit Jumah and Thursday and suffers from excessive eating, so Juma and Thursday enter the hospital for a surgery, so Ismail's uncle will secure them before entering the operation for forty thousand pounds, so he is confused about how to keep the amount in safety, so they think about traveling to Egypt with the beauty of Juma's wife to visit their cousin Shishtawi to hide the amount Has."
1404,1978,Egypt,2.65,4,"While in Alexandria, Nawal gets to know Salah and falls in love with him. She feels that his feelings are not serious because he hesitates to approach her, so she decides to leave for Cairo and she does not know that what prevents him is a serious disease. Nawal was surprised that he was taken to the hospital to be under treatment."
1405,1977,Egypt,2.65,4,"After an outbreak in a company's warehouse in order to conceal the crime of theft, Youssef is confused about the matter. He tells his colleague Dalia, the mistress of Sharif, the mastermind of the crime, and decides to get rid of Youssef, and Youssef contacts a journalist to provide her with the necessary documents for her investigation into the incident."
1406,1975,Syria,2.65,4,"Ghawar is an employee who has two jobs. During the day, he is a guardian of the beach, and at night he works as a sculptor. He lives with his friend Hosni. The two suffer because their wives are on constant travel. A gang plans to steal a statue from the museum in which Ghawar works, and the gang entrusts two beautiful girls to snoop on Ghawar, who live in an opposite apartment, and paint it and Hosni that they have fallen in love with him."
1407,1964,Egypt,2.65,4,"The journalist (Munir) and his friend, the photographer (Hassan) are assigned a journalistic mission to one of the Bedouin tribes in order to find a mysterious roadblock called (Abu al-Dahab), because he is the only witness to a criminal operation. The two journalists succeed, and they find the daughter of Sheikh (Ibrahim), but they know that Her sister (Laila) has been kidnapped by the gang, and they go to try to save her."
1408,1961,Egypt,2.65,4,"Ahmed is a novelist who has passed the age of youth and spends his life in many emotional adventures, until Ahmed meets a beautiful girl who is the daughter of the overseer of his estate that he owns, and Ahmed discovers that this girl is very impressed with what he writes of emotional stories, so he decides to ask her to marry, so will she agree?"
1409,1969,Egypt,2.65,4,"The mechanic (Abbas) loves the poor girl (Fatima), and he proposes to her and her father agrees at first, but soon he changes his mind and forces her to marry a rich old man. (Fatima) and her family stay in a hotel preparing for marriage, and (Abbas) tries to kidnap (Fatima), but the daughter of the rich sees him, and she admires him and asks to become her own guard, so he agrees until he becomes close to (Fatima)."
1410,1957,Egypt,2.65,4,"Naima turns to a woman from the community, to escape from the harshness of the street, to discover that this lady, or (Sit Hanim) as everyone calls her, runs a den of vice and gambling, to work with her, and her name changes later to (Dalal), so that everything in her life changes when She gets to know (Hassanein) and falls in love with him, but fate hides a surprise for them that they did not expect."
1411,1953,Egypt,2.45,2,"The events of the movie revolve around Mohsen, the wealthy landowner, who falls in love with the Bedouin girl Buthaina despite everyone's objection to this love relationship, and which he tries to establish more and more despite that, and at the same time Ajeeb, a cousin Buthaina, stands in the pursuit of this relationship, and tries to differentiate between them by placing Has a drug that causes him serious fatigue with health consequences for an improver."
1412,1967,Egypt,2.8,19,"Journalist Anan gets to know Mukhtar, who is not trying to exploit his musical talent. He lives in loss and is surrounded by fun and absurd companions."
1413,1975,Egypt,2.75,9,"Director Mahmoud Salem misses a new face that he can present to the cinema, and on the search trip he gets to know Mona who is offered to work in the cinema. Mona asks Mahmoud Salem to present the idea to her fiancé Hussein, who agrees to work in the cinema after hesitation. Mahmoud and Mona travel to Paris, There, love grows between them."
1414,1950,Egypt,2.75,9,"In the nineteenth century, and in the desert, Anis Pasha dies while his daughter Leila is in Paris. She knows the death of her father, so she decides to return to Egypt, accompanied by her friend Flora, but the decision to return Laila does not resonate with the secretary of her father, her cousin Ibrahim, who was stealing his money His property is in the desert."
1415,1942,Egypt,2.75,9,"The story of the film revolves around a young (Bedouin) dancer who loves dancing and cinema. She goes to one of the directors to show him her dance, but by chance she meets a young doctor (Alawite), and they fall in love with each other. (Cleopatra), and when he sees her, he accepts her to perform the role, and (Alawi) proposes the engagement to (a Bedouin), and she agrees, but his father revolts because of this engagement, threatening him with deprivation of the inheritance, and she is known as a (Bedouin) that the father of (Alawi) objected to her because she is a dancer, and the events follow."
1416,2015,Lebanon,2.7,6,"The film's story revolves around a social comedy, about 4 women, each with her own story and problems, who are close to forty years old and are still single, and the film deals with society's view of single women, the issue of marriage, and the pressure on them because of their decision, all of which is punctuated by funny situations and surprises"
1417,1989,Egypt,2.7,6,"Sally loves Hussam, an employee of his father Fathi, and the problem of social difference between them remains, so Sally decides to claim that she was raped, and that she wants to marry Hussam in order to ward off the scandal, and she submits a police report and gives them a car number that she claims is the property of the rapist, and it is revealed that the number is real for a young man named Ahmed He is in great trouble because of this unjust accusation."
1418,1982,Egypt,2.7,6,"Kamal's wife dies and leaves his son Omar to him, Kamal gets to know Salwa and combines love between them. Salwa asks Kamal to defend her neighbor Ismail, who is accused of murder, and Kamal and his partner in the office Ahmed are excited about the case, Kamal finds that the dead man discovered embezzlement operations in the factory. Some people kidnap Omar and threaten Kemal to kill him if he does not abandon the case."
1419,1980,Egypt,2.7,6,"Drug dealer Rushdie Abdel Rahman meets by chance the farmer Salma, who escapes from her hometown to try to kill her husband's son, because she caused her testimony against her husband to go to prison."
1420,1976,Egypt,2.7,6,The story revolves around the separation of a couple from each other despite the strong love story that brought them together. One of the gangs kidnapped him in front of the school. The parents report the incident to the police and search for their kidnapped son.
1421,1973,Lebanon,2.7,6,"Musk and his friend are two young men who love two cousins. He disguises himself in a woman's dress in order to convince the uncle of the girl he loves, and the girl's father that the aunt has returned from the diaspora. To compete with Uncle, the same American aunt comes from the United States."
1422,1970,Egypt,2.7,6,"Ahmed lives with his family, but he faces many problems with his father as he is cruel and wants to force him to study engineering against his will. Ahmed falls in love with his neighbor and colleague (Mona), but his father stands an obstacle in the way of their marriage, and plots them to separate them, so will he succeed?"
1423,1966,Egypt,2.8,20,"The events revolve around the teacher Ashour, who is a married man, who marries for the tenth time to the widow Azhar, which provokes the anger of his wives, so they refrain from having intercourse with him, he discovers that the official, whom he decides to marry, is nothing but the daughter of his first wife, Nafisa, to turn events upside down."
1424,2016,Lebanon,2.55,3,"After many years of expatriation from Lebanon, a businessman decides to spend a vacation with his family in Lebanon, accompanied by a taxi driver who specializes in dealing with tourists throughout this trip, but what this driver did not expect is his fall into all this huge amount of comic ironies with the family That he takes."
1425,1996,Egypt,2.55,3,The wife Safi was surprised that her husband Shawkat had betrayed her with the maid and she was the one who placed him at the head of the top tourism men. In its tourism companies.
1426,1993,Egypt,2.55,3,"Yassin is a wealthy businessman trying to blur his past, as he was working in the drug trade at the beginning of his life. His son Kamal is walking the same road, despite Yassin trying to prevent him from continuing."
1427,1993,Egypt,2.55,3,"A car thief seizes a bag from inside a car to discover that it contains heroin, so he goes to the car's owner and bargains with him to return the heroin for a sum of money to quarrel with him and the owner of the bag and his gang members kidnap and detain his fiancée, to escalate events."
1428,1991,Egypt,2.55,3,"The movie tells the story of a well-to-do man who works as a companion and is married to three women whose only concern is to disturb his life. He asks his son to work with him and he refuses to expel him from the house, all with a laughing comic frame."
1429,1985,Egypt,2.55,3,"Sharif and his wife adopt the child Simsim because they are convinced of their inability to conceive, and Sharif suffers from Sesame's misery, so he decides to return him to the shelter, but the supervisor refuses, so he agrees with the teacher, Uqla, to kidnap him. From the shelter to serve them, and the nanny confesses that she is Umm Simsim, Sharif decides to retrieve Sesame from the gang."
1430,1975,Egypt,2.55,3,"Mamdouh continues his female relationship after his marriage. As for his brother Fathi, he suffers from his wife Nawal's constant work in her work."
1431,1972,Egypt,2.55,3,"(Saif) A police officer chases a gang smuggling jewelry abroad, and during a chase, one of the gangsters is killed, he is tried, and he is dismissed from the servants. (Murad) gang asks him to work with her, and he agrees, and he goes to Lebanon to complete one of the deals, and the process is completed."
1432,1962,Egypt,2.55,3,"(Nabil) is a young engineer who lives with his daughter (Mona) and his wife (Wafaa) Saeed, and he is a partner of his friend (Safwat) in the same office. Nabil watches a young man throwing himself with the aim of suicide. Nabil saves him from suicide and Nabil is drowned during his rescue, this young man regrets his act He tries to fix his mistake by getting close to Nabil's widow."
1433,1983,Egypt,2.75,10,"Two friends who are thrown in prison on charges of charlatanry and sorcery, and they meet inside a famous businessman named (Ali). The two friends get close to Ali and discover that he has a map with an elaborate plan for robbing a bank, so they steal it from him, and prepare to carry out their next operation as soon as their sentences are over."
1434,1980,Egypt,2.75,10,"Hanan and Medhat are a happy couple, who live a simple life where Hanan works to help her husband build his future, as they return from an evening on the occasion of celebrating his first work. Safinaz, the wife of the rich man, has a relationship, and upon her husband's discovery of her betrayal of him, he dies from shock, and Medhat marries her and divorces Hanan and is determined to revenge."
1435,1972,Egypt,2.75,10,"The work revolves around Naim, who decides to take revenge on Narges, the widow of Wasfi, who caused him to go to prison. He makes an agreement with Dalal in order to plan to seize Narges's money. To ensure that her money will go to him, but he discovers that it is not easy at all."
1436,1967,Egypt,2.75,10,"Magdy works as an engineer in the High Dam, and he is on leave from work to travel to Cairo and meet his family again, and he plans to spend more time with his wife Laila, who works as a doctor in a hospital, but she was all the time busy with his work, which makes him attracted during this period to talk With his neighbor, Elham, he visits her all the time in her apartment, taking advantage of her husband's travel, and things are developing between them at an accelerated pace."
1437,1954,Egypt,2.75,10,"A poor girl marries a wealthy young man, despite the opposition of the husband's father, and lives a happy life with her husband until she falls into the clutches of a fraudulent young man. He tried to inform her that her husband had suffered an accident in an accident, and when she went to him to know his truth, the fraudster tries to pressure the wife through what He caught him, the husband knows the matter and divorces his wife without realizing that his wife is innocent, and he travels abroad, and the wife seeks revenge against the fraudster who destroyed her life."
1438,1951,Egypt,2.75,10,"Fayez is a married officer with two children, who finds a baby and takes him and takes care of him, until the child's father knows his whereabouts and takes him back and starts teaching him theft until he joins the gang. And the events follow."
1439,1948,Egypt,2.75,10,"Dr. Mounir Saber is a committed and exemplary man in his work. He meets Khamriya and her friend on the train while traveling, and a relationship is established between them, so he treats her as she suffers from liver deterioration as a result of drinking alcohol in the cabaret she works at. Dr. Mounir falls in love with her and Khamriya seizes the opportunity to drain his money and advance it to her thuggish lover, Jalal Abu Schet."
1440,1993,Egypt,2.65,5,"Poor (Ahlam) finds nothing but to work as a maid in order to be able to live, as she lives on the roofs of a building with two friends of hers. She meets the handsome millionaire (Mustafa) when she asks for her wages as a servant, gives her money, and he delivers her to his car so she falls in love with him and she keeps chasing him everywhere, sneaking around Love is in (Mustafa )'s heart, so he floods her with money, takes her on a trip and buys her a luxurious apartment, but he decides to travel abroad and dreams worsen."
1441,1988,Egypt,2.65,5,"The two beloved Ahmed and Dalal dream of forming a show, and they get to know Mounir, a member of Carlos drug promotion gang, without knowing his true nature, so this exploits their need for money."
1442,1987,Egypt,2.65,5,"Saif returns to the homeland after life for years in Europe, and he thinks about opening a business, and gets to know the wealthy widow Nariman, and they agree to participate in the field of business, and his mother hopes to marry Sawsan, the sister of his deceased brother's wife, Seif agrees in principle, and the truth is revealed that his brother has married From Nariman and granting her all his wealth, and upon his death in an accident, all the wealth will be devolved to Susan, and Nariman decides to take revenge by offering the marriage to Saif."
1443,1978,Egypt,2.65,5,"Love arises between Samah, who works in a hotel in order to support her family, and Husam Ibn al-Tabqa, who lives in some luxury from the point of view of his mother, who refuses this marriage due to the difference in social level between them."
1444,1977,Egypt,2.65,5,"Nahed, a virgin, tries to find her way to the future and love. She goes through three experiences with three young men who all love her, the first of them Ahmed."
1445,1971,Egypt,2.65,5,"Fayza tells about the tragedy of Adel and his likes of young people, as he dreams of traveling, arrives in Europe, and settles in Munich, where he meets strict labor laws, meets with Monica, a sex worker. The problem is in himself, not in his homeland."
1446,1954,Egypt,2.65,5,"The neighborhood McCoggie falls in love with the singer who lives in the villa next door to him, while his friend falls in love with her maid, discovers the extravagant life that his girlfriend lives, and that a rich person spends on it, so he tries to compete with this wealthy, through his mastery in singing, and he can sing with the singer In the halls, he achieves success, which arouses the jealousy of the men who surround the singer, and try to keep him away."
1447,1952,Egypt,2.65,5,"The work begins with a student objecting to the political situation in 1919, which reminds the teacher of the same position, but his hero at that time was the national leader (Mustafa Kamel), who spent his whole life defending the homeland from his trip to France to study law, and the formation of the National Party, which was a platform to display His homeland issue."
1448,1949,Egypt,2.65,5,"An archaeologist dies and leaves behind his wife and daughter alone. A handsome man who is the representative of the Antiquities Authority visits the house. The mother admires and admires her and they exchange love, but the girl also loves him and tries to win him over. To distract her from her hostility to her mother."
1449,2018,Bahrain,2.6,4,"A failed person named (Tarbal) wants to become a charlatan, circumstances force him to go with his brother (Sieve) to Cairo to treat their mother, and due to the large expenses of treatment, an imposter is dealt with to save her, and then (Tarbal) and (Sieve) decide to learn the profession of charlatanry, which It causes a number of comedic situations."
1450,2017,Lebanon,2.6,4,"Jad works as an architect, and he has been busy for two years on a huge project in the hope that he will become the director of this project. His admiration for his new manager."
1451,2015,Tunisia,2.6,4,"A few months before the outbreak of the revolution in Tunisia, Farah finishes school and turns eighteen, and her family decides to pay her to study medicine, which Farah does not want, as she decides to join a band that presents independent music, where a new world unfolds for her. But she is in conflict with the authorities in Tunisia over her songs."
1452,2013,Syria,2.6,4,"(Ghalia) A girl haunted by the spirit of the girl Zina who died on the day of her birth, leaves her hometown and goes to the Syrian capital Damascus to study acting, and on her way she meets a young director named Fouad, who becomes fond of her character, decides to help her in Damascene life, and succeeds in stumbling her On a house shared by many Syrian youth from all over the country, to begin her journey since that time with awareness of her new world and the current situation in the country."
1453,1992,Egypt,2.6,4,"The room Saber rented happened to be in the building owned by Gharib, who clashed with him. Azza lives in the next room with her mother, and a stranger tries to expel him from the room, but he is unsuccessful."
1454,1989,Egypt,2.6,4,"Mansour, the son of one of the wealthy people from Nag Hammadi, who returns from abroad with checks, money and dollars working abroad from the people of his town, falls very easily in the hands of the gang of the three, Salah, Abbas and Ashgan, as Ashgan and her colleague Abbas waited for him at the airport gate on the pretext of driving him to his town near Nag Hammadi."
1455,1979,Egypt,2.6,4,The brothers Hassan and Mahmoud are involved in the drug trade. Mahmoud marries Fatima after he repents and does a decent job. Hassan is arrested after one of the operations and Mahmoud hands over a large sum to keep for him until he is released.
1456,1978,Egypt,2.6,4,"Mamdouh is a lawyer who lives between his office and his wife Hanan, in the office clients hesitate, including Nawal, who decided to hunt Mamdouh, the interviews begin and after an evening Nawal tells him that he assaulted her, Nawal disappears for a while, then reappears and claims that she is pregnant, and tells him that she needs to be next to him in his house And go to his house, and Mamdouh claims that Hanan is his cousin."
1457,1976,Egypt,2.6,4,Basile travels to America to participate in the World Championship in Wrestling. He gets to know Sahar and her brother Majid.
1458,1976,Egypt,2.8,23,"Mohsen has three sisters, the eldest is Karima who did not complete her education and stay at home, the second is Laila, she studies at the Faculty of Arts, and the third is Suad, a high school student and loves folk dancing. Mohsen tries to control his sisters and control their lives, and at the same time marry his girlfriend Nawal, so will he succeed?"
1459,2016,Lebanon,2.35,2,"In a form of comedy, a music teacher suffers from extreme difficulty in dealing with students at his school, and suffers from his simple living conditions, and one day, a picture message comes to him from his grandfather telling him that he will get his share of the inheritance supposed to be obtained in exchange for Interest in his aunt who is only 7 years old."
1460,2002,Egypt,2.35,2,"The events of the film revolve around three families, each family consisting of a husband and wife. The women decide to join the Women's Liberation Association and discuss through it that women can do all kinds of work, including playing football."
1461,1991,Egypt,2.35,2,"Salama owns a nightclub and is married to dancer Samira. He hides the truth about his work from his daughter Manal, who lives in Alexandria. In front of her, he claims piety and that he is a businessman. Manal gets to know Alaa, who works for the United Nations and they agree to get married. He is surprised by the truth of her father, but Alaa's father is opposed to their marriage."
1462,1945,Egypt,2.35,2,"The sweetest of them is a poor girl, but her father is a stingy man. She has long dreamed of a social uplift, and gets to know the owner of a cabaret and works as an artist, and the curmudgeon tries to extort her money, so she gets to know a young man in the hall, and a love story grows between them, but the young man does not agree to marry her, so the girl returns from New to the popular neighborhood, and the young man joins her after knowing its authentic mineral."
1463,1984,Egypt,2.7,7,"Naima escapes from all the bad circumstances surrounding her, and rides the train to Alexandria, and on the train she meets a young widow with her child while on her way to her husband's wealthy family, and the widow dies suddenly and finds Naima the papers and the child in her hands, and Mahmoud falls in love with her deceased husband's brother and asks her to marry and try To push her to agree to marry him."
1464,1982,Egypt,2.7,7,"(Soraya) works in the theater group (Asfour), and she marries director (Essam) despite the actor (Shaker )'s love for her. Essam travels abroad and the ship on which he is traveling sinks. Legal years pass by the husband's absence, so she marries (Soraya) from (Shaker) (Essam) returns suddenly and shock everyone with this return, knowing that his wife got married during his absence from his friend, Soraya is confused and events follow."
1465,1987,Egypt,2.75,11,"Tariq is an upright architect, and his fiancée Maha refuses to complete their marriage after he refuses to improve his financial condition through bribery and Tariq succumbs to injecting morphine, the girl of the night Hamida escapes from the pimp Aziz and repents. Geometrically."
1466,1973,Egypt,2.75,11,"One of the gangs manages to steal jewelry from your bank, and flee with it to the desert, and there is a clash between the gang members Shawqi, Samir, Joe and the bandits in the desert. Rayyes Hamid lives with his colleague Khamis and the young Yusri is during Yusri's training with Usta Hamed. Nadia, the nurse, goes with them on the way. They meet a gang of bandits. Hamed asks Nadia to call the police."
1467,1985,Egypt,2.5,3,Wael and his sister Marwa suffer from their parents' being kept busy. Father Ahmed is a senior lawyer and mother Nawal is the deputy editor of a magazine.
1468,1984,Egypt,2.5,3,"Shindawili and Ashmawy arrive from their hometown to Cairo to search for Abdel Aal, who is late returning to town to buy a modern agricultural machine, and the two fall prey to the Abu Hatab gang. Feryal admires Shindwili, and decides to repent and be righteous."
1469,1978,Egypt,2.5,3,"Imad admires Mervat in silence, as he is below her family's social level, he travels abroad to obtain a doctorate, and when he returns, he is surprised by her agreement with his brother Alaa to marry despite her brother's opposition, she grew up, he tries to persuade Nadia to get rid of the fetus, as they are both married in a customary marriage, as she is the sister of Abbas working in his factory"
1470,1992,Egypt,2.3,2,"The movie revolves around Murad, a successful surgeon, who is always busy with his wife and daughter Nadia in his private hospital and because of the nature of his work. Sufficient gratification makes up for her husband's permanent absence."
1471,1991,Egypt,2.3,2,"The teacher (Madbouly) is the owner of a café in one of the popular neighborhoods, married to the wealthy woman (Baheya). A young man called (Marzouq) comes to work for him, on whom the teacher depends in all his work, informs him of all his secrets, and becomes his right arm."
1472,1984,Egypt,2.75,12,"Naima is detained in the juvenile house, proving her good behavior and sent to a hospital to learn nursing. Her lover Amin proposes to the manager to marry her, and she refuses to marry them."
1473,1981,Egypt,2.75,12,"Adham was betrayed by his wife, suffered a nervous breakdown, entered a mental institution and went out to live with his sister, Aziza and his cousins, Nora and Shafiqa, and he did not believe in love and as a result, he was intruding all the grooms who were proposing to propose to his sister and cousins."
1474,1965,Egypt,2.75,12,"The dervish dies, and is transported in a majestic procession to the cemetery, and there he ascends to heaven in order to hold him accountable, but there he discovers that the sum of his good deeds is equal to the sum of his bad deeds, and that he is neither among the people of Paradise nor among the people of Hell, and therefore a decision is made to return him to this world for a few days for the sake of Test it again."
1475,1987,Egypt,2.7,8,"(Zaki), single in his fifties, was known among people as an example of magnanimity and chivalry, but the seductress Mona was able to conquer his heart, seeking to marry him greed for his money and to achieve for herself all the luxury and influence she could, and after marriage she tries to distance him from his chosen friends and take control On him, and events follow."
1476,1984,Egypt,2.7,8,"(Mohsen) lives with his sister (Aida) and her husband (Ezzat), finishes his university studies and (Najwa) urges him to search for work so that he can get married. He works in a hotel just as Najwa quits her government job and works in a hotel."
1477,1980,Egypt,2.7,8,"The wealthy Hassan Al-Wahsh fails to get close to the invader Aziza who is blocking him. He proposes to her father to marry her, and the father agrees because he needs money. Aziza lives with Hassan in his town and Sakina abuses the widow of a well-treated brother who was seeking to marry him. Omar Ibn Sakina is surprised by Aziza, because she is the girl with whom love combines And between her and her promise to marry after she got involved in their relationship with him."
1478,1976,Egypt,2.7,8,"At Cairo airport, Salwa gets to know Mahmoud, and in Beirut she feels that someone is watching her, calling her and telling her that he is Farid who knows her secret, and that she escaped from the mental hospital, and a love story grows between Salwa and Mahmoud who informs her that he failed in the first marriage, and they are engaged in the midst of He chases Farid, and escapes from one hotel to another, and Mahmoud asks her why Farid is chasing her, and she confesses to Mahmoud about her dark past."
1479,2017,The United Arab Emirates,2.65,6,"The victim decides to travel to Thailand to work as a translator there with his family and close friend Hosni, but he finds himself in many comedic situations due to his insufficient command of the English language to be qualified as a translator, and his family is kidnapped by a Thai gang, and Dhahi and Hassan are planning to restore the family."
1480,1986,Egypt,2.65,6,"Shukry is an officer in one of the villages of Upper Egypt, who pursues the poor and intends to marry Amal, the school, but she is exposed to an accident of rape on her way back, and the officer tries to find out the identity of the perpetrator of this crime."
1481,1973,Egypt,2.65,6,"Hosni heads a dangerous gang, forcing him to leave his daughter Madiha with her uncle in order to see her, Tawfiq. Hosni's behavior changes and he behaves in an abominable way, but when he comes back and sees his daughter another change occurs, she gives him moments of tenderness and warmth he misses, so he decides to migrate that gang and repent, and he proposes a sermon in praise, but the gang will not leave him alone."
1482,1971,Egypt,2.65,6,"Saber is notified by the Real Estate Registry. Fifi and her husband Jamil Bey come to him to register a building for her old husband in her name, and there is the professor who embezzled from his precious time to register the most important invention in human history. Saber believes that all people have turned into mice. He asks Professor Mahmoud, author of one book in a million, to specify to which species he belongs"
1483,1960,Egypt,2.65,6,"One of the men finds himself satisfied with the monotony of marital life that he lives, which drives him to seek a new relationship, and fate leads him to get to know a dancer, and when she visits him one day at his home, the dancer finds that he has died, and during the investigations the police discover that this dancer has a brother who takes over Spending on her, who defends her in an attempt to find out the real killer."
1484,1959,Egypt,2.65,6,"Jaaran Effendi (Ismail Yassin) is known in the village for his intelligence and intelligence, so the village mayor gives him 500 pounds and assigns him the task of buying the network for his son from Cairo, and when Jaaran Effendi arrives in Cairo, he discovers that the money in his possession has been stolen from one of the fraudsters, and the affairs of Jaaran Effendi are complicated. Forcing him to work in a hotel and meet (Fayza Ahmed) who works in the communications department in the hotel, and they exchange admiration."
1485,2013,Egypt,2.55,4,"The film revolves around the world of drug trafficking, through a nightclub whose owner runs it as a cover for this forbidden trade."
1486,1988,Egypt,2.55,4,"Hassan Shawish is simple. His hope is to find an apartment and marry his fiancée, who is competing with him to win it, her well-off cousin. He is forced at work to infiltrate a drug gang and his life will change afterwards."
1487,1988,Egypt,2.55,4,"Nadia is a dry, domineering girl neglecting her husband, she does not trust him, she made him flee from his home, and these traits are due to a psychological illness, which afflicted her since her childhood when her mother was severely traumatized by her father's betrayal, and she suffered from her to death, and the years passed, to drink Nadia from the same cup"
1488,1982,Egypt,2.55,4,"The movie revolves around Sami, whose wife Madiha accidentally kills a passerby in an accident while driving her car. He claims in the investigation that he is the perpetrator, trying to acquit his wife, and after discovering her betrayal to him, he retracts his statements, but to no avail, and he is sentenced to three Years later, after serving his sentence, Sami decides to take revenge on his wife, her lover, and the judge who issued the verdict against him."
1489,1978,Egypt,2.55,4,"After her husband's death, Suheir returns from abroad and meets her mother-in-law (Fatima), who receives a lukewarm reception. (Suhair) gives birth to her newborn, and she deludes (Fatima) that the newborn is dead, as she wants to seize her son's inheritance with the help of the mute girl (Olfat), who decides to guide (Soheir) to her son's whereabouts, and if she finds out that the woman with her in the house is not her mother-in-law."
1490,1976,Egypt,2.55,4,"Hanan Wahida, her wealthy merchant father, claims that she was blinded to escape from marriage. Hanan's father is confused and doctors are unable to treat her, so a psychiatrist is contacted, and Dr. Ali brings with him his friend Hassan, who claims to be a special doctor after the tempting reward that the father decided to treat his loneliness. Ali and Hassan treat Hanan. Hassan discovers that Hanan is not blind. A love affair begins."
1491,1953,Egypt,2.55,4,"The movie revolves around a girl who runs away from her home because of her father's objection to marrying the one she loves, and she secretly marries her lover, and one day the husband goes on a mission to excavate the antiquities, but he loses in an accident, and the wife thinks that he has died, and after she discovers her pregnancy From her husband, she leaves the baby after birth in the care of a nurse who she trusts on the advice of her aunt, and she travels on a trip to Europe, at the same time that the husband returns with an amnesia."
1492,1948,Egypt,2.55,4,"Hussein is a young villager whose dream is to become famous in the world of singing, where he has a beautiful voice, which makes his cousin Ghobashi's chest uncomfortable for him to differentiate between him and Stata, whom he sings his love for. Hussein travels to Cairo in search of an opportunity. One of the halls of singing and becoming famous and falling in love with a dancer."
1493,2001,Egypt,2.45,3,"(Naqawa) is the name of a poor, orphan, beautiful, kind girl who lives in a slum neighborhood with her mother and stepfather. She suffers from many annoyances at work and hot, from everyone who covets her, and in her beauty, and is looking for true love that will save her from what she is in."
1494,1989,Egypt,2.45,3,"Amal is forced to marry drug dealer Khaled Al-Basyouni in a customary marriage due to her need for money. Khaled refuses to marry her legally after discovering her pregnancy, and Amal gets to know the great lawyer Kamal and decides to help her."
1495,1975,Syria,2.45,3,"The film revolves around a comic about a failed Syrian inventor called (Ziad Jamal) who suffers from poverty and other people's lack of belief in his talent, and his failure to marry his girlfriend, to compete with a wealthy man for her love. Ziad reads in a newspaper about an armed robbery committed by a gang, and decides to help the police in Arrested amid funny situations."
1496,1977,Egypt,2.6,5,"Camellia ask for a divorce from her husband, when you seize his other. Because she is jealous, he and his friend Hussein convinces her that he works in the intelligence service and is tasked with arresting a gang for counterfeiting money, and he claims that the girl is one of her members."
1497,1975,Egypt,2.6,5,"An Egyptian businessman living in Lebanon with his spoiled son Adel and his playboy daughter Zizi. Zizi loves the young Mahmoud, who works for her father's company, but he loves the new employee Samia, and Adel proposes to marry her, so she accepts and marries her, but he lives with her in doubt because he feels that she still loves Mahmoud."
1498,1972,Egypt,2.6,5,"Jalal Abu Al-Majd owns one of the turning workshops, and decides to travel to Germany to buy new machines, to modernize the workshop, and leaves the workshop in the care of his older brother (Sherif), who gets acquainted with (Hassanein) the imposter and his partner (Gina) who illusion him to complete a deal of equipment for the workshop for 25 thousand (A pound) Sheriff considers a gain, and upon delivery, Sherif discovers that the equipment is nothing but red building bricks."
1499,1968,Egypt,2.6,5,"The story revolves around three girls, each one of whom has her ambitions and dreams. There is (Shahira) who dreams of wealth and fame without paying attention to principles. The rich man with the folklore troupe with which she works tries to associate with her despite his multiple wives. Although he is married and has a family and children, there is (Rajaa) who tries to benefit from her friends' various experiences and not to repeat their experiences."
1500,1967,Egypt,2.6,5,"Journalist Mahmoud gives all his attention to his work until he meets Noura, a girl who is good in nature and behavior, who suffers from a group of social problems, which pushes her to search for money, while she lives with her dancing sister, Mahmoud tries to save her from delinquency. Nora's sister suffers from a life-threatening disease, and only surgery, which requires a hundred pounds, will save her."
1501,1992,Egypt,2.7,9,"Nadia marries Salah despite the opposition of her father, the businessman, and they have their daughter May, but her father is still trying to separate them. An unknown person shoots Marzouq for an old revenge. , And events escalate."
1502,1992,Egypt,2.7,9,"Fathia falls in love with Fathi, but he loves her colleague Magda, despite that he marries Fathia after the death of her father in order to obtain the great inheritance that Fathia inherited from her late father. Magda."
1503,1989,Egypt,2.7,9,"Dr. Shaheen receives a call to help a patient, and he is surprised that a patient with a kidney disease accuses him of unjust rape, and the doctor tries, in vain, to prove his innocence of this accusation that he did not commit."
1504,1984,Egypt,2.7,9,"Jalal (Samir Ghanem) and his wife Madiha (Issad Younes) are exposed to severe financial hardship, and their property is mortgaged until they have almost nothing, and thus the spouses are forced to do unusual things to meet their needs."
1505,1979,Egypt,2.7,9,"Ahmed opens a law firm in one of the popular neighborhoods, his affectionate widowed neighbor admires him, gets involved with her and opens up with her in marriage and delays her, but she knows about his engagement to Hana, so he fabricates his accusations of embezzling bills from one of his clients. You have emotions."
1506,1974,Egypt,2.7,9,"(Suhair Ramzi) A girl who tells her friends that she lives in an upscale neighborhood while she lives in a popular neighborhood and says that her father is a high ranking in the government, while he is a sowel or a shawish, and she comes out with a rumor that the famous tennis player has fallen in love with her. The news, then he goes to her and claims that it is true and does what is required to make it clear that the news is true."
1507,1972,Egypt,2.7,9,"Fattouh and Afaf try to find an apartment in Cairo, and Fattouh gets the apartment when the General Manager gives him the apartment in exchange for it to be a place for fun and meeting mistresses, but Afaf got the apartment when she disguised himself as a man and spoke to her with paradoxes with the residents of Amara."
1508,1971,Egypt,2.7,9,"Ahmed returns from abroad after studying music and finds Mona, the daughter of the rich man who adopted him, waiting for him after his great success. He proposes to her for the sermon. Ahmed's heart, who decides to marry Zizi, the hero of the band, in order to overcome his love for Mona, and at the same time he tortures himself, and does not know that Mona was paralyzed when she tried to catch him on her wedding night."
1509,1971,Egypt,2.7,9,"A verbal altercation erupted between Ahmed and Nahed, the daughter of Shawkat, the chairman of the board of directors, without knowing her personality. The two parties happen to travel to Alexandria, and Nahid is forced to change her clothes in a peasant dress. Ahmed and Nader meet with her, who pleases her to work for them. She agrees to respond to Ahmed's insult, with the passage of time she feels love towards him."
1510,1953,Egypt,2.7,9,"A brother disagrees with his sister, and the conflict between them intensifies, the sister leaves her brother's house and goes to the countryside to live with her older sister, the elder sister lives in the countryside a very harsh life that she imposed on herself, including that no man enters her house whatever, while her sister is in Cairo's cabarets and spends lavishly and lives a whole life Well-being, one day a brother, accompanied by his daughter and wife, goes to the countryside to visit his sister, and is surprised by the harsh regime imposed by the sister at home."
1511,1951,Egypt,2.7,9,"A simple girl is deceived by a wealthy young man and leaves her while she is pregnant, so she works as a singer, but her son dies."
1512,1984,Egypt,2.75,14,"Aziz and his lover Zeenat manage to swindle an orphan, disabled, and wealthy girl named Mona to seize her property, and they think of a plan in which they pretend that Zeenat is a dear sister, and he succeeds in marrying Mona and gets a general power of attorney to manage her property and then falls in love with her, and Zainat lives with them in the same spirit. Home and reveals to him that she is pregnant from him"
1513,1954,Egypt,2.75,14,"Ismail has a desire to seize the money of his Turkish wife, so he claims that he has children from a previous wife who died, and that he cannot spend on them, but Ismail does not realize that this little lie has plunged him into an endless series of lies, as he tries every time to get out From every lie a bigger lie, and every time the wife deals with it in good faith."
1514,1967,Lebanon,2.2,2,"An obscure singer dreams of becoming a successful singer, 'Sayed Darwish', at the same time, a dancer dreams of being a rich, famous performing artist. The young man works with his friends in selling lottery papers, meets with the girl, and each of them impersonates himself to beautify his image, and many paradoxes occur and then they realize that hard work is the only way to achieve dreams."
1515,1986,Egypt,2.4,3,"Hossam, an accountant at Al-Mallawany Factory, manipulates the accounts with the director of the factory Shawqi to embezzle money, appoint Adel to the factory and discover the deviation of his friend Hassan, and also falls in love with Al-Mallawany's sick daughter Najla. He confesses to saving Hossam."
1516,1983,Egypt,2.4,3,"(Irfan) was in a relationship with his colleague (Laila) at the university and they agreed to marry, but he left to work in order to consummate their marriage, and upon his return he discovers that (Laila) married a greedy lawyer to please her family."
1517,1974,Egypt,2.4,3,"(Maha Abd al-Karim) her father died and left her a fortune that her aunt (Khadija) managed for her, who benefits from the wealth, and with her (Medhat) her lover, (Khadija) feared the loss of wealth when (Maha) got married, so she agreed with (Medhat) to kill the husband wedding night."
1518,1973,Egypt,2.4,3,"Hassan gives up his large apartment to his friend Tawfiq to get married, and when Tawfiq becomes unemployed, Hassan supplies him with money and intercedes for him with the owner of the workshop in which he works in order to join him to work. He has the management command, but Tawfiq steals money from the workshop."
1519,1971,Lebanon,2.4,3,"Wagih loves the young journalist (Nahed) the nurse, and a bitter struggle arises between (Wagih) and (Sami) because of the press campaign he is waging against him, so he tries to buy him with money and does not succeed, and tries to kidnap him without changing anything, until he decides to kidnap (Nahed) Habiba (Wajih)."
1520,1989,Egypt,2.65,7,"Ibrahim and Tadfidah live a happy life that is not disturbed except by not having them, so Ibrahim is forced under pressure to marry his neighbor Hasania. Tufidah discovers that she is pregnant and decides to divorce Hosnia, but he is surprised that she is the other pregnant. , And events escalate."
1521,1986,Egypt,2.65,7,"Shukri affixes to you, his friend Jaber, on charges of falsifying official papers, which will imprison him for three years. In prison, Jaber gets to know Qasim, and after his release, he meets Naima, who gives him money to start a new life."
1522,1981,Egypt,2.65,7,"The hyena teacher kidnaps the child an apple because her father, Atwa, one of his assistants could not pay a debt. Dr. Nadim tries to keep the people of the neighborhood away from using drugs, but he kills and an apple against the teacher Abu Saree agrees with him."
1523,1975,Lebanon,2.65,7,"The university doctor (Walid) meets the pickpocket (Bulbul) in the port, where she and her followers exchanged his bag for another, while he is preparing a social research on the behavior of some abnormal individuals, and can their conditions be fixed if the environment and the surrounding conditions change, and he takes Bulbul as a practical research experience, He teaches and educates her."
1524,1965,Egypt,2.65,7,"Abdul Sami is married to Aziza, they get to know a beautiful young woman and they agree to get married, and on the day of their marriage his wife is surprised that she is pregnant, and he accuses her of lying, and divorces her. Without knowing each other's truth."
1525,1962,Egypt,2.65,7,"The movie takes place in a dramatic social context, where (Nabila) works as a teacher in Cairo, and on her first days of work she quarrels with (Hoda) the daughter of the former minister, who is stubborn because of the death of her mother when she was young. He falls in love with her and marries her."
1526,1958,Egypt,2.65,7,"Osama is a young man who believes in luck, but he comes across many situations until he believes that he killed a police recruiter, and when this thief learns that his father-in-law is a millionaire, he tries to steal a precious jewel from the treasury until he is arrested in the end."
1527,1948,Egypt,2.65,7,"A love affair between Laila and Mahmoud since their childhood, but at the same time he falls in love with Hassan, Mahmoud's cousin, so jealousy and hatred begin to fill his heart with Mahmoud, and fate wanted to bring Laila and Mahmoud's heart together and complete their marriage, and at their wedding, Hassan tries to kill Mahmoud, but Laila saves him and dies. Years pass and Mahmoud tries to return what Hassan did to him."
1528,2011,Egypt,2.8,33,"The officer (Hassan) investigates a murder, and uses the forensic doctor (Saad Al-Damiri) who confirms that there is no criminal suspicion of the death, and the investigation door is hardly closed in that case until it is reopened after the occurrence of several murders with the same drug, and (Radwa) researcher is trying to Family crime, helping solve the mystery of that case, and you come to a shocking conclusion."
1529,2000,Egypt,2.8,33,"In celebration of his 30th birthday, Omar asks his friend to bury him alive to get rid of his worries and his inability to reach his hopes, and during his sleep the girl (Bebo) awakens him, so he imagines that he is dead, and begins with her a strange journey that reveals many crises of the current generation."
1530,1992,Egypt,2.75,15,"Abu Al-Wafa is a soldier with the border guards. Salem, the drug dealer, offers him a huge bribe in exchange for allowing a shipment of drugs to enter the country, and he claims Abu Al-Wafa approval after informing the officials, and upon receiving the million pounds, and Salem is arrested in an ambush, and Salem and his son Diab's men press Abu Al-Wafa to change his words To acquit Salem, despite his desperate need for money to have his wife implanted IVF and his father was kidnapped as a hostage."
1531,1985,Egypt,2.5,4,Eng. Khaled appoints the chairman of the board of directors of the company in which he works and he is committed to principles and ideals. Everyone expects that the company will be rid of the effects of corruption left by the former president. The two employees are determined to maintain their influence.
1532,1979,Egypt,2.5,4,"Adel decides to marry Sawsan despite the opposition of her father Hussein and her mother Laila, and when they marry Adel is under pressure from her father in order to divorce her. Sawsan runs away from her home and turns to her friend Mona."
1533,1973,Egypt,2.5,4,"Soheir dies in a collision. The police find in her bag an anonymous letter threatening her to pay an amount of money to retrieve her pornographic pictures with Hussein, or else he will tell her husband. , Who gets to know Fahmy's daughter, Mervat, but Fahmy refuses to admit any information."
1534,1962,Egypt,2.5,4,"Wafa escapes from her husband, who treats her with extreme cruelty, to work in a jewelry store, then she meets a young man who was trying to steal the store and their relationship develops rapidly and they marry after she stipulates that he stay away from theft, but her life turns upside down when her first husband gets out of prison."
1535,2014,Qatar,2.15,2,"The events of the film revolve around a man exposed to a car accident on a remote road in the middle of the isolated Lebanese Bekaa Valley, and after surviving the accident, he finds himself lost his memory, and with time he becomes hostage to tension and suspicious atmosphere, especially after he falls hostage to the men of a local farm in the area, which is used as an attachment To produce illegal drugs."
1536,1998,Egypt,2.15,2,"The events of the film revolve around a struggle between two (Hisham Abdel Hamid) and the conceited young man (Hani Nazer) over the girl (Nermin al-Feki), and the latter seeks to possess her, using his money and wealth as a reason for that, but she refuses to approach him, and decides to stop him, and if (Hisham Abdel Hamid) He managed to land him in a serious case."
1537,1969,Egypt,2.15,2,"Gharbawi Bey, the owner of a fishing fleet in the Abi Qir area in Alexandria, is in fact a smuggler monitored by the police and recruited by the officer Wahid, who disguises himself as Dr. Fathi, tries to approach Laila, the daughter of the smuggler, according to the plan set by the chief of investigations."
1538,1979,Egypt,2.7,10,"(Laila), the daughter of wealthy (Fouad), gets acquainted with (Mamdouh) the young man with many female relationships, and she falls in love with him. (Mamdouh) proposes to the father asking to marry (Laila), but her father refuses and then (Laila) decides to take revenge by sending letters to the family members to pound them Will her plan succeed?"
1539,1973,Egypt,2.7,10,"Ahmed is a young journalist specializing in crime, and he opposes the chief of investigations, Sayed Fahmy, in his opinion of the necessity of applying the law when revealing the crime. Ahmed gets out of the car late to search for him and finds him killed, and the police start searching for the killer."
1540,1987,Egypt,2.6,6,"Hashem, a young man fleeing from Upper Egypt, is heading to Alexandria because of his family's insistence on taking him with his father's revenge on the son of the killer. To banish Yahya from the port so that he does not have to kill him."
1541,1980,Egypt,2.6,6,"Sayed is a simple employee who lives with his four daughters: Samira, Mona, Safaa and Laila. Mona gets to know the wealthy Medhat, the father's term in the government ends, so Hussain participates in running the shops in the neighborhood. After a while, Hussein is arrested on charges of smuggling, then Sayed Hussein is killed, the daughter Mona seeks to marry someone The rich person, Medhat, falls in love with her. Her father requests that he appoint a lawyer."
1542,1978,Egypt,2.6,6,"Mansour Nassab deceives the new arrivals to Cairo, falls on his way to the shy young man Sharif, and claims to him that he is rich and is managing a place for him to stay in, so he resorts to a hotel owned by Tahiya, who lives in it with her daughter Sawsan, and in the hotel Sharif gets acquainted with the uncle of the old man who He sees that this young man is in need of care and a guide for him, and Mansour agrees with Sharif to kill Sawsan's father and Tahiyya's husband in search of great wealth, provided that they share the wealth between them"
1543,1975,Egypt,2.6,6,"A performance group of friends of the art group, among them, (Hani), (Nelly), (Saeed), (Laila), they try to make something beautiful, they meet the well-known musician and genius (Zaki) who is convinced of them, and decides to adopt them artistically, while he asks for They play a special game on his wife, who does not stop believing in magic and witches, and they delude the wife that the musician has engaged Nelly, so she expels them immediately, and many comedic paradoxes occur."
1544,1971,Egypt,2.6,6,"Mr. Ali El-Sherbiny, the director of the export company, and his wife Zainab and his two daughters, lead a quiet life. Events escalate, especially with the entry of a dollar smuggling ring into the scene."
1545,2015,Egypt,2.55,5,"The film revolves around Sheikh (Muhammad Rayhan) and his students. Hassan (Shady Sorour) is the owner of a car workshop, Omar (Maher Essam), a student at the university, Salem (Hamada Barakat), who works for a securities company, and Dr. Ibrahim (Hadi al-Jayar), who is infected with the disease."
1546,1991,Egypt,2.55,5,"Saber (Helmy Abdel-Baqi) loves Hana (Hanan Shawky), the daughter of his aunt, whose father works as a taxi driver and delivers a person involved in suspicious work and is monitored by the detectives, so the detectives arrest Lashin because he keeps this man's bag, and they discover that it is full of drugs and he becomes Lashin is accused, and tries to prove his innocence."
1547,1959,Egypt,2.55,5,"One day, during Nadia's car return at night, Nadia collides with her car and is killed, which causes her nervous shock, and after a while it is decided to go to Dr. Adel, the husband of the dead woman, who discovers through the investigation that his wife was in Cairo the day before her death, and not one day She died himself, which leads him to doubt about his wife."
1548,1958,Egypt,2.55,5,"Afaf is a young doctor, whose surgeon dies and leaves her two children, the eldest of whom is no more than five years old. Afaf devotes her life to her work and her two sons only, until she meets the engineer Adel, who admires and exchanges the same feelings, so will she leave herself for love and marriage, or will she sacrifice for her children?"
1549,2019,Tunisia,2.65,8,"A movie based on a true story, where Hind Sabry (Nora) embodies the character of a woman belonging to the working class in Tunisia and her daily suffering with her husband's imprisonment and the harassment she is exposed to because of his criminal history and her relationship with her children and her husband, how it changes with her husband's release from prison"
1550,1993,Egypt,2.75,17,"The police officer, Medhat Shawky, is forced to resign from the police after fabricating a drug-trafficking charge against him, and Hajj Abdul-Fadil takes advantage of this, and asks him to perform the task of liquidating three of the three biggest drugs, as he informs him that these traffickers are the cause of his daughter's death, and he uses two others to carry out the mission But he discovers that it is not as it seems from the beginning."
1551,1988,Egypt,2.75,17,"Nassif Al-Laithi is a very loyal merchant to his colleague in the trade, Hussein Zahran. Hussein is surprised by his wife's betrayal and kills her. Nassef takes care of Ibn Hussein while he is in prison until Hussein dies. Kamal grows up and works in the company of his father's friend, and remains friendly with him until he falls in love with his daughter Wafa, and he What he rejects until they get married and puts him before the fait accompli, and he is determined to take revenge on him."
1552,2020,Egypt,2.7,11,"The film deals with a dramatic framework and in the downtown area, a group of poignant human stories."
1553,1977,Egypt,2.7,11,"The engineer (Bakr), coming from a rural village, gets acquainted with the young girl (Maysa) at a party, to fall in love, and their meetings multiply and they date to marry. Maysa discovers by chance that (Bakr) has a relationship with another woman and decides to confront him, to tell her that the other woman is preferred over him, and escalates Events."
1554,1960,Egypt,2.7,11,"(Salama) and (Adel) are two brothers who each have dreams, the first wishes to leave (the United States), and the second wishes to become a singer. Their wealthy mother (Nafusa) stands for them in the lookout, the two steal the mother's money, and travel to (Alexandria) to try to fulfill their dreams. There, Adel gets to know the dancer (Riri), becomes a famous singer, and (Salama) gets to know one of Bahri's daughters."
1555,2013,Italy,2.8,39,"Two sisters-Aya and Fatima- receives a letter from Fatima's husband, whose a soldier in Syrian Army and decide to migrate to safe neighbour, Turkey. And their path crosses with a police fugitive, Bilal."
1556,2016,Saudi Arabia,2.45,4,"In light of a strict social climate hostile to romantic relationships in all its forms, Baraka (Hisham Fakih) works as an employee in the Jeddah municipality and an amateur actor who is training to present Ophelia's character in the play (Hamlet), and one day he meets an attractive girl who constantly posts videos through her Instagram account, and is called Baraka (Fatima Al-Banawi), and together they try to circumvent the reactionary laws that surround them and the authority of the religious police, which extends their influence over all aspects of life."
1557,1975,Egypt,2.45,4,"Shahira is the owner of a theatrical troupe that presents political works, and famously has an intimate relationship with my understanding. Kamal comes to Cairo and presents her with a play written by him. Shahira admires him and their relationship is strengthened. Fahmy Pasha finds that he will not get famous in the way it was before Kamal appeared in her life, so he fabricates him Political accusation is innocent."
1558,1955,Egypt,2.45,4,"The events of the film revolve around a famous dancer who works for money and also loves to establish relationships with rich men in order to satisfy her love for money. After a long time, she meets a rich man during her trip to Lebanon, marries him and leaves all the men for his money."
1559,1954,Egypt,2.45,4,"The owner of the company covets his secretary and wants to seduce her, but the secretary loves an engineer in the company named Nafeh, the secretary marries Nafeh, so the manager separates them, and in the face of unemployment troubles, Nafie decides to travel to Brazil where his twin brother lives, gets on a plane that collapses and all of its passengers die, so the wife and sister take the insurance amount And they move to a better social level, but Nafeh appears soon, and in order to hide him, the two face many problems."
1560,1954,Egypt,2.45,4,Aziza is a show dancer who relies on her little sister who studies in a boarding school. Aziza lives in many troubles because of the thug who seizes her money and chases her if she tries to escape. But the bully is chasing after her at the Jawish's house.
1561,1942,Egypt,2.45,4,"(Aida) is a village girl, and her father, Muhammad Effendi, is a poor man who works on agricultural land owned by Amin Pasha, and he is a military man. He has a son named Sami who obtained his baccalaureate, but he did not complete his education, and the Basha had a daughter named Soraya at the age of Aida. Muhammad Effendi dies in it, who goes to the victim of performing his duty on the same day Aida gets the baccalaureate. Ibn al-Basha includes Aida with his sympathy, and she joins the Institute of Music, and a love story between Aida and Sami grows."
1562,2000,Egypt,2.05,2,"Its events take place within a police framework to confront the mafia of smuggling atomic waste to developing countries through Dr. Wafaa, professor of atomic waste analysis, and Major Hazem, who create a romantic love story amid these dangers."
1563,1990,Egypt,2.05,2,"The film revolves around a tragic drama about serial murders, where a gang kidnaps girls and kills them, and (Eman) the young woman who supports her sick sister and mother is involved with this gang, will she be able to survive?"
1564,2008,Saudi Arabia,2.8,40,"The film revolves around a 30-year-old Saudi man of Bedouin origins who is single and lives with his elderly mother. Simple walks, spontaneous, kind-hearted, possesses an innate intelligence and adheres to the ethics of the environment from which he emerged, such as honesty, magnanimity and chivalry, and dreams of owning a small farm to raise sheep and poultry."
1565,1995,Egypt,2.3,3,"Faten Tawfiq is a TV presenter, whose husband, a businessman, is killed at the behest of some corrupt officials in the field of import, so Faten seeks to uncover these corrupt people, she meets by chance Ali Al-Harmah, an archive employee in one of the infitah companies, who has documents condemning these evil people."
1566,1987,Egypt,2.3,3,"Businessman Shawky wants to marry his secretary, but he discovers that she loves her relative, Adel, and they agree to marry soon, so Shawky decides to fabricate an accusation for Adel, who is unjustly imprisoned."
1567,1971,Lebanon,2.3,3,"The head of the family (Al-Zahlawi) dies, and leaves a will for his family that lives in Lebanon to distribute his wealth and his leftover wealth is estimated at one million pounds. Al-Zahlawi recommends that the estate be distributed only under the supervision of (Shushu)."
1568,1949,Egypt,2.3,3,"Hoda, the student, lives in Port Said with her father, the widower, Fathi El-Mahdawi, owner of an import and export company. Naima, the employee of the company, deceives Fathi until he fell in love with her and married her, and Hoda objected to the difference in level. The stepmother treated her husband's daughter badly, which prompted her to travel to her aunt in Alexandria and join the university there, where I got to know the marine captain, Shukri, brother of Samira, a classmate in the college."
1569,1987,Egypt,2.8,42,"The film deals with the story of a family made up of a man, his wife, their son, the husband's mother, and his two sisters, all of whom reside in the old family home. A businessman offers them to buy the house and he refuses the children, and a series of strange events begin to happen in the house, as the furniture burns on its own and the bathroom is dripping with blood, and events escalate."
1570,1971,Egypt,2.7,12,"The great lawyer, Mamdouh, neglects his cases because of gambling, and after his wife's insistence straightens his condition, so he spends his nights at home playing with her, and as days pass, the wife learns the secrets of the game. The picture flips, she becomes a gambler and neglects the household affairs"
1571,1961,Egypt,2.7,12,"Naima, the mute girl, her mother dies when she is young, her father marries an unjust woman who hates her and curses her for any reason, just as the village chief hates her, while his son lurks about her and flirts with her whenever he sees her. Hussein arrives to the village, a doctor whose father was in a violent conflict with Atris. He meets Naima and takes her to work for him as a nurse, then the villagers are surprised that she is pregnant."
1572,1960,Egypt,2.7,12,"Ismail loves his neighbor Samia, they live in a popular neighborhood in Tanta. She refuses when he proposes to her daughter, but she soon agrees. The two travel to Cairo on their honeymoon, and Ismail is surprised by the arrival of his mother-in-law who sleeps in the same bed, so Ismail has to find a way to get rid of his mother-in-law."
1573,1947,Egypt,2.7,12,"Fathi - who is one of the pashas - cannot bear to live in one of the neighborhoods after his older brother's anger at his customary marriage to his poor nurse Fatima, and he expelled him from the palace. And the people of the neighborhood meet after this incident and decide to initiate a lawsuit against the Pasha, and events develop between them."
1574,1990,Egypt,2.6,7,"The Police Brigade (Hemat) undertakes a policy of destroying the psyche of the rebellious youth, and destroying them from within, and it soon finds its way, which is investigating and implementing its policy in the shawish (Abbas). Political prisoners are subjected to various forms of torture and indignity on his hands, including Dr. (Shawky)."
1575,1960,Egypt,2.6,7,"Felfel, a circus worker, loves his neighbor Bahia, but he remains one-sided. Fearing that Bahia will reject him for his poverty, he works hard to amass a fortune that enables him to ask for her hand in marriage."
1576,1950,Egypt,2.6,7,"A doctor conducts experiments with voices and becomes distracted from his wife, who suffers from emptiness. Her neighbor, the singer, is occupied with many relationships, and the doctor discovers what his wife is doing."
1577,1981,Egypt,2.75,19,"Ali and Mona's car breaks down on the way to attend a party with a group of their friends on New Year's Eve, so they have to resort to an abandoned house in order to use the phone to call friends, and as they discover that they are in Dracula (Ahmed Adawiya's) house himself. And each of them is in his grip and the grip of his assistants."
1578,1975,Egypt,2.75,19,"On Ahmed's visit to his friend Abd al-Salam in Fayoum, Ahmed suddenly finds himself in front of Laila, and the threads of a love affair seem inevitably to come. Married."
1579,1976,Egypt,2.5,5,"Two brothers, one of whom fell in love with a girl, then it turned out that she was in love with the brother who died a while ago."
1580,1969,Egypt,2.5,5,"A pickpocket decides to repent from the pickpocket, and upon leaving the prison door, he sees a group of pickpockets waiting for him, so he goes with them to a nightclub where he meets his owner who asks for the wallet that he picked up before entering prison, denies his pickup for the wallet and goes to his house and opens the wallet and is surprised by contracts and papers in the name of movie star Samia Fawzi He is forced to go to her house to hand over the papers, so she admires and loves him at first sight and marries him."
1581,1951,Egypt,2.5,5,"Ezzat and Dorriya are two sermons, who have a lot of jealousy and quarrels between them despite the love that unites them."
1582,1987,Egypt,2.65,9,"Madiha's family lives in a family atmosphere dominated by happiness and love accompanied by her husband and daughter, but this happiness does not last long when Madiha is surprised by the appearance of things and people inside her villa trying to kill her, so she informs her aunt about this, which reveals to her that her mother had killed that villa and accused her father of killing her and suffering a mental illness."
1583,1983,Egypt,2.65,9,"Al-Soul (Khamis) cooperates with his son Corporal (Salama) in monitoring members of the Damanhuri gang, a drug dealer to arrest them in flagrante delicto, with the encouragement of the wealthy businessman (Darwish) who pushes (Fatima) to marry Khamis and she wants revenge for the death of her father (Atris) who was killed in one of the The smugglers have been chased for several years, and indeed (Fatima) passes the news of her husband to the gang members."
1584,2018,Egypt,2.55,6,"The story revolves around the way people interact in their lives and the circumstances they face, as well as the role of friendship and its impact in facing these circumstances, as the events show us the true concept of friendship and the value of its ties."
1585,1982,Egypt,2.55,6,"(Abd al-Rahim) is one of the wealthy businessmen who made their fortune illegally, assisted by his manager (Madkour), who also works for him (Ibrahim) as a manager of a branch of consumer complexes. He transfers the goods that Abdul Rahim stores to raise their price to the store, one day the crowd rushes to buy some goods and flock to the store, causing the products to break down."
1586,1980,Egypt,2.55,6,"Issa Abdul Ghaffar, an ambitious young man whose biggest wish was to be the owner of a factory and in order to achieve this goal he spent himself working in a factory and even was able to convince the owner of the factory to be his partner with a quarter of the capital, and fate wanted the factory owner to die after that and for his wife Sherifa to inherit his share In the factory with his daughter and the biggest share, and the mother began with her daughter in an attempt to impose influence and control, they began to stand in front of Issa's growing ambition."
1587,1953,Egypt,2.55,6,"Wahid and Mansour are two friends, they work in a drug smuggling ring, but Mansour is accused of murder and sentenced to imprisonment, and before entering prison, his friend Wahid recommends his wife, rather he deposits his money on his side, but Wahid betrays Mansour's money and betrays him with his wife, and only feels that Mansour is out He approaches, and rushes to meet the rich Jalal and asks him to marry Amina."
1588,1947,Egypt,2.55,6,"The film deals with the imagination, the story of the teacher Bayoumi, who finds Solomon's ring to show him the genie who will fulfill his wishes, so that the teacher asks him to marry Laila, the girl he loves, but she loves a young man named Mahmoud, so will his wish come true?"
1589,2014,Kuwait,2.4,4,"The film is based on the meaning of friendship as a human relationship, and the challenges it faces by presenting the details of childhood friendship, the hardships of the reality of (Khaled) work, and establishing his family, and the film tries to answer the question: What is the meaning of friendship? What is required of a friend?"
1590,2014,Egypt,2.4,4,"The events of the film revolve around a young man who faces extremely difficult circumstances in his life but does not surrender to these circumstances, and tries to overcome them and achieve his ambitions even though he lives in a popular area, suffers unemployment, sending his struggle a message to all young people that they must strive to overcome their difficult circumstances and achieve their dreams even in the most difficult circumstances. , All within a comic political framework."
1591,1992,Egypt,2.4,4,"(Adel) is a simple employee who is married to (Aziza) who works as a teacher, has three children, and is unable to fulfill his financial obligations towards his family. Gets to know (pay homage to) the business woman;"
1592,1987,Egypt,2.4,4,"Sharif is a journalist and writer, married to Amani and has a young child, his articles on fighting political corruption led to his arrest for four years. His young son drowned in them, he comes out of detention in disgust for his wife, whose negligence led to the death of his only son, and gets to know Magda, the novice journalist who was sending him Thin letters in prison without signature, he loves her and marries her."
1593,1997,Lebanon,2.25,3,"A wealthy man marries a girl he loves but does not lead a happy life; As he practiced extreme violence with her, because he was subjected to violence from his uncle's wife who raised him in his childhood, and a vengeance complex arose within him because he thought that they were as evil as his uncle's wife, and after his wife was despaired of this dismal treatment, she decided to flee and return to her country, Lebanon, and he was not satisfied"
1594,1988,Egypt,2.25,3,"Sherifa, a middle-aged woman, is caught between the running of the textile factory that she inherited from her husband after his death, and the burdens of the family. Realizing that her daughter loves their neighbor who is her father's age, she is in great shock"
1595,1985,Egypt,2.25,3,"Owais refuses to sell his land despite going through severe financial hardship. At the same time, she leaves Lula, the young Masoud, and marries a wealthy Shaker, despite Masoud's love for her. With Aweys traveling to perform the Hajj and not returning after four years, everyone considers him missing, so Masoud is able to sell the land and build high-rise apartment buildings and become a millionaire and marry Nahid, and after a while, Aweys returns trying to prove his right and recover his land."
1596,1978,Lebanon,2.25,3,"The events of the film revolve around a musical band that toured a tour bus across Lebanon to present its show parties, and on the way to one of its concerts, the band meets a young man in possession of stolen jewelry and is chased by a dangerous gang, to escalate events."
1597,1978,Syria,2.25,3,"Two young men in one of the popular neighborhoods in Damascus, the first of which is (Tahseen) the frivolous young man who sees love as fun, amusement and has relationships with many girls, and his friend (Samir) the young man who has never known a girl in his life and believes in love as a sublime passion. Samir watches a beautiful girl fall in love with her and tries to get to know her."
1598,2001,Egypt,2.7,13,"The events revolve around the Jewish merchant Zaki Daoud, who trades weapons left over from the World War in El Alamein with the help of the English Colonel Collins to smuggle weapons to Israel. The young Egyptian Ghazi works within the ranks of the resistance to the English occupier, and he tries with his colleagues to prevent the smuggling of weapons."
1599,1986,Egypt,2.7,13,"Farida lives with her husband (Hamdy) in his family's apartment, and they are two colleagues in the same company, whom the company manager admires (Abdulaziz). Luxurious, but he likes to flirt with the housemaids, Farida takes advantage of his contract to give her the ownership of the apartment."
1600,1984,Egypt,2.7,13,"Dr. (Saber) returns from abroad after completing his studies and is accompanied by his wife Dr. (Layla) and agrees with her to conceal their marriage from his family, so he agrees with his uncle (Khader) on his marriage to his daughter (Subhia), Dr. (Jalal) maternal (Laila) sympathizes with (Saber) ), And advises him to marry (Subhia), fearing for his uncle's health, as events escalate."
1601,1971,Egypt,2.7,13,"In a social context, the film takes place; Where Sharif (Rushdi Abaza) decides to adopt Najwa (Najat) after he heard her voice and liked him, and coincidentally the friendship between her and the daughter of Sharif's brother, through which she knew Sharif's true identity, but after they fell in love, without knowing each of them"
1602,2014,Egypt,2.65,10,"The film revolves around a young man who grew up in the custody of his mother and grandmother, and the mother completely isolates him from the outside world, for fear that he will leave her as his father did or that he will be hurt, as happened to the previous ones, but the young man dreams of discovering the world without a path, so will his mother stand between him and his dreams?"
1603,1998,Egypt,2.65,10,"Afaf takes refuge in Yahya's house and asks him to rescue her from a criminal gang that is stalking her. The gang breaks into the house, and when Yahya resists, they kill his young brother, a student."
1604,1995,Egypt,2.65,10,"Alaa is a successful young singer, a frivolous minister of women, and we have an ambitious and intelligent girl who works in a rhythmic dance troupe, and one day Alaa's car hits Dina's spoiled dog and kills him. He marries him, and when he continues to evade her, she hires a thug and throws him from the balcony of her apartment to fall and die, but Alaa's ghost takes off in life to hover around his grieving bride Dina."
1605,1975,Egypt,2.65,10,"Ahmed and Ashraf are two friends who fall in love with the girl Salwa, but the problem is that Ashraf cannot tell her directly, so he writes to her a group of letters, and his friend Ahmed mocks him and asks him to call her, but he cannot, so Ahmed calls Salwa, and claims that he is the author of the letters. They meet and Ahmed admires Salwa."
1606,1970,Egypt,2.65,10,"Two Turkish journalists come to Beirut to conduct an exciting investigation that suits the readers of the newspaper they work for. Days pass by them without reaching anything exciting, and they decide to return to Ankara carrying the banner of failure, but before leaving Beirut, they discover the headquarters of one of the gangs, but this gang has all its members Of the women, who work in counterfeiting securities, and the two search for the leader of this gang."
1607,1962,Egypt,2.65,10,"A husband and his wife suffer from permanent disputes between them, and the husband notices that all his acquaintances suffer from the same problem with their wives, so he decides to establish a secret society to kill wives, while the wife owns the building in which they live and insists on evicting the residents of the roof, due to their delay in paying the rent, while a story arises Love between one of them and the daughter of the owner of the building."
1608,1958,Egypt,2.65,10,
1609,1951,Egypt,2.65,10,"In a humorous atmosphere, one of the filmmakers tries to find help in order to resume filming the movie he is working on, but the film's heroine decides to marry and retire from the entire artistic field, prompting the director to search for an alternative actress until he meets a cafe owner known by the title of teacher (Bulbul), who The retired heroine is very similar, so the director uses this similarity in order to continue working on his film, but it does not go well after the retired actress returns from his honeymoon."
1610,1983,Egypt,2.6,8,"(Nagy), (Makram) and (Ezzat) are three friends, they get to know (Saber Abdel Sadiq); A wealthy businessman who admires Nagy's intelligence and employs him with him, Naji agrees despite knowing that Saber is running a suspicious business, while (Makram) the journalist launches a press campaign attacking (Saber) and accusing him in a major corruption case, in which the driver (Ezzat) testifies against him and kills him ("
1611,1978,Egypt,2.6,8,
1612,1978,Egypt,2.6,8,"The great contractor Al-Helbawi addresses the relationship of his son Nabil with his colleague at the university Ahlam, to the great social difference between them. Daughter of Hassan Qadri."
1613,1976,Egypt,2.6,8,"Saad is a student and an ambitious country son who lives in one of the popular neighborhoods. He found himself in a moment possessing the heart of the nurse Fatima, who surrenders to him because she loves him. As for him, he promised her to marry, but he gets distressed by her dancing sister Basima after she leaves, and he has new aspirations, especially after he narrowed In the neighborhood and its residents, until he meets Najwa, the daughter of the famous doctor who owns the private hospital."
1614,1976,Egypt,2.6,8,"In the city of Aswan, engineer Sami travels with a bride to where his new workplace is, the husband is distracted from Samia, so she vacates, she travels to Cairo by plane and meets the engineer Adel, so he feels love towards her, while the engineer Ali loves the tourist guide Ahlam, at the same time confronts Sami To exploit hunters."
1615,1960,Egypt,2.6,8,"Ismail is forced to send his sick son and wife to Alexandria and continues his work with movie star Sawsan as a hairdresser, and Sawsan decides to inform the police of her lover Abbas' suspicious works after she had a disagreement with him, and when Ismail comes to the artist's house, he discovers her body, informs the police and the inspector conducts the investigation."
1616,1955,Egypt,2.6,8,"Laila relates to the love of Doctor Hussein, who decides to marry her so that he can perform an operation for her under his full responsibility because of her heart disease, so Laila believes that he does not love her and treats her only as a patient, and after the surgery and its success, Hussein thinks that Laila loves his friend to escalate events."
1617,1951,Egypt,2.6,8,"(Mamdouh Raafat) is a plastic artist who paints in a way that no one understands. His fiancée (Kawthar Amin) stands next to him and encourages him, despite her father's objection to her engagement to him, as he seeks to marry her to a rich man. From his previous fiancée (Kawthar), and the events follow."
1618,1978,Egypt,2.2,3,"Love is generated between Mona and Hussein, the engineer at one of the missile bases. Mona meets Samir, whom she had been in love with for years, but her father's wife Umm Saadia rejected him at that time, and he claims that he had made a great fortune from working abroad. Mona tells him about her association with Hussein, while Saade's mother promises him that He will be the owner of the share, Farid blesses his brother Hussein's engagement to Mona."
1619,1958,Egypt,2.7,14,"Awad supports and spends on his family consisting of his mother, brother Ahmed, and his cousin Dawlat. While the family believes that he is doing a decent job, Awad heads a drug gang, and he is loved by a spiritual dancer who tries to marry Awad in any way, but refuses to marry her until he maintains the family name, especially that his brother is studying in his final year in law school."
1620,1992,Egypt,2.75,22,"The events revolve around (Azmi), a successful journalist who is managing editor of a newspaper. His dealings with people are very serious and keep away from courtesies. His mistakes and the situation flares up."
1621,1986,Egypt,2.45,5,"Gharib arrives in Cairo after selling his land to fall into the hands of a swindler, deluding him into a legitimate business and seizing his money. Gharib goes to obtain an ID card and goes to prison for 6 months for violating the employee, and a forged card leads to him entering prison again and losing his mind after entering prison for the third time."
1622,1986,Egypt,2.35,4,"The famous actress, Sherine, lives with her uncle, Dr. Omar, and his daughter, Amal, and gets a headache that comes back again and again. Dr. Adel examines her, and it turns out that she has cancer and is doomed to death within a few months, and informs his teacher about it."
1623,1986,Egypt,2.35,4,"Adel is an author who fails to publish his novels, and a friend of Yahya is a failed painter who finds no buyer paying little for his paintings but singles. Adel proposes to him to claim suicide, and draws from his hiding place, which will make his paintings sell at the highest prices and achieve glory. Azeb flocks to buy the paintings for thousands of pounds."
1624,1971,Syria,2.35,4,"A girl falls in love with a young man, and they enter into an illegitimate relationship together, the result of which is a small child, the girl tries to make the child's father approach her father about their relationship, and his desire to have a relationship with her, but he cites various arguments, and there is another young man who loves her so much that she deceives him and makes him tell her father that they are between them An old illegal relationship, to marry her."
1625,2017,Egypt,2.8,52,"In a romantic comic form, a man marries the girl he loved, but she is exposed to an accident that enters into a coma that extends for three years, and during this period the husband gets to know another girl, and he lives in a struggle between his love for his fallen wife and the girl he just loved, and what he has decided Marry her so that the first wife returns from her coma."
1626,1999,Egypt,2.55,7,"Congratulations and Zakia are servants of the wealthy lady Samia who lives in permanent quarrels with her husband Fawzi, so she divorces for the third time. Mabrouk marries Zakia, who kidnaps Moataz and takes care of him, and when Mabrouk gets out of prison, Samia tries to retrieve Moataz."
1627,1997,Egypt,2.55,7,"The film tells the story of the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb, which begins with a young Nubian Gad who came to live in Luxor and married there and accompanied Carter in his excavations until the tomb was finally uncovered."
1628,1993,Egypt,2.55,7,"The events of the movie revolve around Nadia (Suhair Ramzi) who hides Tawfiq (Farouk al-Fishawi) outlaw, after he forces her to help him, and the events follow, and the police discover this, so Nadia is arrested for interrogation, and Tawfiq remains a tortured fugitive Remorse and hope to save himself from prison."
1629,1987,Egypt,2.55,7,"Both (Sultan) and his nephew (Adel) work in drug smuggling, and in one of the operations, the warehouse keeper (Jaber) catches them and they kill him, and Sultan tries to attack Jaber's wife Warda to hit him in the arm, and she enters the prison, where she gets acquainted with (Narges), who helps her to avenge him. Sultan and just."
1630,1989,Egypt,2.5,6,"Lotfi works abroad and leaves his son Hussam in the care of his mother and her husband Imad, and he is a great fortune.Hossam and bad friends commit the crime of stealing and injuring a woman in his car, they run away, but his car number plate falls, while the police are chasing him Hussam gets seriously injured with a bullet. His son is abroad."
1631,1980,Egypt,2.5,6,"The film deals with the story of a girl who is married to a poor doctor and who suffers from childlessness. He secretly marries and gives birth to a son, so she moves to Greece and meets a painter and thinks that he raped her while she was drunk, so she returns while she is pregnant, but it becomes clear that she is pregnant with her husband, the doctor, and the painter did not touch her."
1632,1963,Egypt,2.5,6,Kamal a thief returns to his home and finds a watch that is not working among his stolen items.
1633,1994,Egypt,2.7,15,"Donia is unjustly accused of killing her husband, businessman Mustafa, for his money, while the true criminal enjoys freedom and money, and the doctor friend tries to uncover the truth and prove his innocence with all his power."
1634,1981,Egypt,2.7,15,"The two sermons Medhat and Abeer are forced to work freely because their appointment is delayed with their university qualifications, and Abeer meets her fellow wealthy widow Suheir, who intercedes with her friend Farid Kilani, the owner of a construction company, to work for him and Medhat."
1635,2018,Egypt,2.65,11,"After an absence of 28 years, Omar El-Tohamy returns from Italy to Egypt, where his father owned a building overlooking the Nile, searching for his rights stolen by the tenants of apartments in this building, not to mention the existence of a bank located in the ground floor of the architecture, and when Omar tries to convince the owners of the bank to leave the building They refused, and then he decides to rob the bank."
1636,2015,Egypt,2.65,11,"In a mold of mystery and excitement, nine people meet with a common history by inviting them to one of the villas in a remote area where the manager of a house is their ninth."
1637,1983,Egypt,2.65,11,"(Wadad) works as a dancer in her aunt's café in Naga Hammadi, and one time Prince (Yusuf), known for his corruption and oppression, arrives at his palace in Naga Hammadi, and he sees Wadad and asks her to dance for him in a private party, and he tries to rape her but she succeeds in escaping from him, and she tries to take revenge with the help of the officer (Hassan), and it is generated between the officer (Hassan) and (Wedad), and the Prince stands for them."
1638,1978,Syria,2.65,11,"A man breaks into Naji's house and burns a group of important documents, his friend Ali Baba tells him what happened, then Naji dies in a mysterious accident and rumors arise about Ali Baba's involvement in the matter. Laila comes to discover the secrets of her cousin's murder, and gets to know Ali Baba, who discovers that he has more than one name."
1639,1973,Egypt,2.65,11,"Safwat, Muhammad, Zaghloul, and Adel, united by very bad social conditions, where family breakdown and lack of emotional communication, they are planning to steal the apartment of an old woman who lives alone in Doulat Al-Sildar. On his way, the police pursued each of the four young men."
1640,1973,Egypt,2.65,11,"Kamal Fahmy is fired from his work in the police because of his excessive cruelty, and at the same time Abbas, accused of killing the brother of the officer Kamal, escapes, Nadia plays a role in Kamal Fahmy's life by virtue of her friendship with him, and at the same time she is the sister of Abbas the fugitive and Kamal Nadia takes a bait to catch Abbas, but knows Kamal That Zaki Bey has prepared a huge reward for those who find Abbas and present him to him, dead or alive."
1641,1971,Syria,2.65,11,"Ahmed Lotfi (Salah Zulfikar) is chased by a group of people at night in Istanbul, whom Turkan Abdul Hamid (Nahid Yusri) rescues. The one who discovers that she knows everything about him, takes him to his house to find that it is upside down."
1642,1994,Egypt,2.6,9,"The ex-intelligence man who was expelled from the service (al-Nimr) decides to blackmail senior officials in order to obtain money, and the photographer (Antar) deludes that he is still in service and asks him to photograph a senior official and then tries to get rid of Antar by various means, after receiving the video, will he succeed?"
1643,1986,Egypt,2.6,9,"Atef, a young psychopath, violent and complicated woman who turns into a serial killer who sends messages to the Mabahith about his crimes, trying to fulfill his rescue despite his threatening her through letters to kill her fiancé through psychoanalysis and with the help of the police who are after him. Does Atef stop killing?"
1644,1954,Egypt,2.6,9,"Feelings of sadness and depression dominate Nadia all the time, so she thinks about suicide, so Muhammad tries to help her, as he discovers her delusion that she caused the death of her parents, and Muhammad, with the help of his friend Dr. Hussein, tries to treat her from her despair, and after a struggle between Nadia and her sister on the one hand and Muhammad and his friend Hussein on the other hand. The secret of Nadia's tragedy is revealed, which is represented by her parents' separation between them in their treatment, which makes Suhair hate her as a result."
1645,1991,Egypt,2.3,4,"Sayed businessman becomes schizophrenic, and his nephew Mahrous comes from his town to supervise the institution that he owns for his confidence in him, and to protect him from the exploiters. Raafat decides to plan to destroy Sayed's projects."
1646,1981,Egypt,2.3,4,"Bayada owns a simple restaurant in her town, and her fiancé, Hassan, fishes. Some foreigners arrive in the town under the pretext of searching for their grandfather's body on the sea floor and he helps them, but they are smuggling gold. They are helped by the young Khalil, who agrees with Hassan to help them, as he is able to dive in return for a sum of money."
1647,1974,Egypt,2.3,4,"A gypsy girl loves a young man from the city, so all the people of the tribe oppose her, which leads her to flee with him and then marry, and during that she is exposed to a series of adventures and paradoxes."
1648,1968,Egypt,2.3,4,"The film paints a picture of Egyptian society, as well as Soviet workers when embarking on the dangerous project to build the High Dam, and the film presents a vision of a nation deeply rooted in unity as well as diversity. The film also displays a vision of a renewed image of the nation, and inadvertently acknowledges a new understanding of its goals, its political goals, and how this affects the character within it."
1649,1992,Egypt,2.4,5,"Hassanein lives with his children. Hassanein suffers from his wife Harissa, who is burdened with demands. The daughter Hanan loves Dr. Shafiq, who loves laboratory experiments. Everyone decides to quarantine Hassanein's money except for Hanan."
1650,1969,Egypt,2.4,5,"A group of residents of an old property is in trouble. After they noticed a large crack in the wall of the house that may cause it to fall, especially since it is old and dilapidated, they try to communicate with the owner of the property, who is wealthy and have influence, and he despises them and refuses to meet them, and during their attempts to find a suitable solution to that problem;"
1651,1955,Egypt,2.4,5,"(Suad) loves the daughter of one of the merchants (Ahmed), who works for her father, but her father forces her to marry the teacher (Syed), so she marries him, but she suffers a lot in her marital life, but fate wants her husband to have an accident while he is traveling."
1652,1952,Egypt,2.7,16,"Sana (Shadia), the daughter of Mukhtar Pasha, a beautiful girl who proposes to her marriage, Soso Bek (Abd al-Salam al-Nabulsi), one of the high-class children of her father's friends (Suleiman Naguib). Her father, the fiancé Soso Beek finds out and agrees with the director of the company to rhythm between them, so he uses one of the dancers to claim that the girl is the wife of the engineer, and the events and surprises follow."
1653,1993,Egypt,2.65,12,"Hiba Allah, a bank employee, discovers an abnormal activity aimed at promoting fake dollars, which her husband is a businessman among those involved in, and she informs the police about the matter. In order to help her take revenge."
1654,1949,Egypt,2.65,12,Ilham marries Nabil and moves to live with him in his mother's house. Troubles begin between the mother-in-law and Ilham.
1655,1975,Egypt,2.55,8,"Samia has a love and marriage relationship with her husband Mahmoud, but he often takes actions indicating that he has other female relationships, which prompts Samia to request separation. She joins a job in a company and there begins a new relationship in Samia's life with her manager, Adel. Adel knows Samia's nature and past Mahmoud begins to pressure Samia to blackmail her."
1656,1996,Egypt,2.7,17,"The young director Hassan seeks to make a film about the khartiya, or the youth who accompany foreign tourists and provide them with various services in exchange for money. Hassan interferes in the lives of a group of them, to learn about their ambitions and frustrations, and the difficulty of making the film gets worse."
1657,1973,Egypt,2.7,17,"(Abeer) travels with the show band with which she works to Beirut to perform, her uncle (Khalil) who lives in Beirut is in trouble. Abeer claims to be a millionaire, but he works as the head of the servants in the palace of the famous singer (Medhat). He takes advantage of his travels to claim that he is the owner of the palace."
1658,1965,Egypt,2.5,7,"Karima suffers from a psychological knot because of her huge nose, so she knows that men are reluctant to marry her, and she gets to know engineer Hussein and he is similar to her in characteristics, because he is complicated by beautiful women after his beautiful wife betrayed him and decided to marry a non-beautiful woman, Her husband, and she decides to have a nose job."
1659,1965,Egypt,2.5,7,"Mamdouh is a student who lives in harsh social conditions, his parents separated, got married and left him in the wind. He gets to know Ahmed, whose father owns a car garage, and participates with his son in stealing cars, and they sell them after changing their features, and both the father and his son are arrested, which pushes the student Mamdouh Until he moves away from the path of lawlessness and seeks to restore his parents to their previous marital life, and in the face of multiple problems the parents resume their married life."
1660,1952,Egypt,2.5,7,"The rich man (Abdel Fattah) runs a cabaret, and falls in love with one of the dancers who work with him, and one day the two young men (Ismail) and (Amin) come to work and he refuses, to deceive him by claiming that they work for a company to insure love, to ask them to stay until he marries the dancer he loves, And the events follow."
1661,1980,Egypt,2.6,10,"Eng. Ahmed unintentionally causes the death of his colleague Hussam, and he suffers from a nervous shock, losing his speech. He gets to know Aida, whom he admires, and he exchanges his feelings, and they marry despite her father's objection."
1662,2018,Kuwait,2.05,3,"In a comic form, the film tells the story of Masoud, the filmmaker who faces countless problems during his attempts to achieve his dreams, and tries to confront negatives in Kuwaiti society through his art."
1663,2017,Austria,2.05,3,"The film delves into the lives of the most famous female singers in the Arab world throughout history. (Umm Kulthum), and shows us her strength as a woman who managed to overcome all social, religious, political and national barriers and expectations within her eastern society, in the company of an Iranian director trying to make a film about her, and looking for a suitable actress to play the role until she finds (Ghada)."
1664,2013,The United Arab Emirates,2.05,3,"In a comedic atmosphere, the film tells the story of five young men and women in their prime. On the weekend, the friends decide to spend the holidays with each other at their friend's grandfather's farm."
1665,1973,Egypt,2.65,13,Ashraf works for the Baher Tourism Company. After returning from Beirut to buy a brilliant car.
1666,1949,Egypt,2.35,5,"Jawaher lives with her miserly father who exerts his miserliness on her and himself and deprives her of the joys of life, so she lives poor and deprived despite her father's wealth. Jawaher is attending her friend's birthday and dancing and drinking, and her friend Fouad's brother tries to advise her not to slip down this road, but she gets upset and embarrasses him."
1667,1977,Egypt,2.7,18,"Mamoun works in a bank and is sick with theft. He can steal a valuable necklace while he is at a party that the great businessman Naguib holds for his wife on the occasion of their wedding birthday. Mamoun gets to know Sonia when he tries to steal her, and it turns out that she is a guide to the police in the task of arresting the gang that is in their grip."
1668,1967,Egypt,2.7,18,"Attia is a good, peaceful man who is too much, and his wife complains about the weakness of his character, and in the face of this repeated behavior, the secretary of the house desertes and does not know about her and their daughter, and the years pass, and Attia decides to search for an opportunity in the cinema so he gets to know the greedy producer and knows that he intends to exploit a wealthy woman to produce His movie, Attia knows that this woman is none other than his wife."
1669,1990,Egypt,2,3,"The film revolves around a lawyer who runs an office for the compensation mafia. His daughter is shocked when she finds out the truth. She is a journalist who fights corruption in society, and this is how her psychological suffering begins."
1670,1974,Egypt,2,3,"The film deals with two stories, the first includes Alawiya, a beautiful and intelligent college girl who gets involved in a relationship with a young man without knowing it, while the second story centers on an employee who suffers from insomnia constantly and becomes addicted to sleeping pills."
1671,2014,Egypt,2.2,4,"The events of the movie revolve all the time in one place, where a heinous murder takes place in which an old man who had a lot of haters and opponents is killed, and the detectives conduct the investigation into the incident, as the circle of suspicion increases, and suspects become many."
1672,1975,Egypt,2.2,4,"(Medhat) is a filmmaker who travels and has an accident in Fayoum. He is forced to stay there for a night hoping to quickly return to Cairo. He marries a girl in the town in which he settled and returns to Cairo early in the morning. His bride goes behind him looking for him, and he meets his friend (Hussein) by chance and knows her story Without knowing that the cause of her crisis was Medhat's friend."
1673,2015,Egypt,2.8,74,"The events of the film all take place in one day in the popular birthplace of our master Arsh al-Din, reviewing the world of this mawlid, and the accompanying events of male rings, and various religious rituals, and this is told to us through a set of stories and stories that happen to both those in charge and those working in this generator, or For your visitors during that day."
1674,1988,Egypt,2.55,9,"Hanafi finds himself an assistant to Sheikh Hassan al-Ma`zun, who raised him after the death of his father and agreed to marry his daughter Wazza. Hassan thinks at first that the profession of the Marriage Officer is easy and has no problems, but he is surprised by what his consequences do not have when many paradoxes occur to him during the marriage of a girl and finds out She is a minor and her family forces her to marry."
1675,1987,Egypt,2.55,9,"(Masoud) and (Qeshta) take care of pickpocketing, before they decide to repent and start a new life among the residents of the shantytown, so that the residents of the estate are surprised by Abu Shama who aspires to seize their land in order to establish some of his projects on it, and he offers them to leave each of them his land for a meager sum of money Let the residents of the shantytown refuse, and the events escalate."
1676,1986,Egypt,2.55,9,"Five of the passengers on the shipwrecked ship survive and reach an isolated island, the engineer Ahmed (Hassan Youssef), the famous actress Zaza (Iman), a foreign youth, the wealthy merchant Hajj Tolba (Anwar Ismail) and his assistant (Ibrahim Nasr). Everyone tries to cope with the new circumstances and tries to survive. Al-Hajj students ask Ahmed to build a boat so that they can leave in exchange for giving him a check for a large amount, and everyone cooperates in building it."
1677,1983,Egypt,2.55,9,"Masoud is a street vendor who supports his mother and his brother, the student Kamal. He finds a large sum of money in a bag among some old papers that he bought from a lonely woman, after consulting his friends in the neighborhood, he returns the money to his owner, and gets a reward from her. The woman was killed and Masoud was arrested, as the doorman testified that he was there before the accident."
1678,1982,Egypt,2.55,9,"Teacher Abu Halqa succeeds in buying all the livestock from the markets, to become the only teacher in the slaughterhouse, and teacher Najm reluctantly agrees to reconcile with the teacher Abu Halaqa and also agrees to marry his daughter Safaa to the second son of Abu Halka, engineer Alaa, and on the night of joy, the teacher Najm agrees with one of his men On the killing of Omar, the first son of teacher Abu Halqa."
1679,1955,Egypt,2.55,9,
1680,1991,Egypt,2.6,11,"The movie revolves around Rajaa, who was raped as a child, which afflicted her with a severe psychological complex and turned into a murderer out of revenge on men who want forbidden fun .. where she disguises herself as a night girl and lures them in faraway areas and kills them .. until she killed an adult official .. to escalate Events."
1681,1991,Egypt,2.4,6,"Daabis kills his opponent Hassouna, and his widow gives birth to her daughter Nour, who hides her daughter from El-Ayoun, and after the death of the mother, the daughter finds herself alone without losing sight of her past and her desire to take revenge on Daabs, and Nour marries her cousin Mohsen who tries to push her to immorality, and causes her to be unjustly imprisoned in a case. Prostitution and after the end of her sentence she gets a divorce."
1682,1984,Egypt,2.4,6,"Murad discovers that Bahira, the wife of his sick father, is cheating on him, but he expels him from the house to go to stay with his friend Massad. Murad's father's wife plans to use her power of attorney to sell his property. The father dies, so her lover's fate kills her and tries to steal the bag of money, but Massad is surprised while committing the crime, so he tries to escape, but Massad manages to escape with the bag, and for fear of being exposed, he leaves it in the taxi, then reaches the address of the car owner and tries to recover the money."
1683,1957,Egypt,2.4,6,"Zakia is a maid who works for the dancer Nawaeem, who is married to Saber, who gets angry and throws her the oath of divorce until the number of shots reaches three, and then the need for an analyst arises at the time when Zakia is presented to the doctors and they see the need for a Zakeya operation to become a man instead of a woman."
1684,2011,Egypt,2.8,78,"Jihan rejects the injustice and corruption that has overwhelmed the surrounding society, meets the pilot Sami, whose life seems without any importance and his interests are confined to himself only and the realization of his frivolous dreams, so she is upset at the start of the matter except that love brings them together, so Sami tries to enter her world and get to know it, and the events follow."
1685,1996,Egypt,2.3,5,"One of the swindlers conducts his activity under the guise of an import and export company, and exploits the dancers in his suspicious business. He gets to know one of the girls, falls in love with her, and tries to get close to her, but she refuses because she knows the truth of his suspicious business, and she relates to a poor honorable young man, this quorum tries to spoil the love story That, and the rhythm between the girl and her lover."
1686,1990,Egypt,2.3,5,"Ahmed, the prosecutor, enters into a conflict with his old friend, Rafat, the contractor, who covets Ahmed's fiancée and conspires to break the engagement to marry her. Ahmed suffers from severe psychological trauma, which leads to his double personality, to defend the law in the morning and transform in the evening to a criminal figure called Al-Prince."
1687,1986,Egypt,2.3,5,"Two brothers, one of whom is a successful engineer, and the other is a reckless one who fails to study. The father leaves all his wealth to the engineer for fear of losing it at the hands of his second son, hatred arises with the son and tries to get rid of his brother."
1688,2020,Egypt,2.5,8,"Hala has just become a mother, and she suffers with the pressures that make her a mother, in addition to her mental ill health, and her sadness over the separation of her father, and the imprisonment of her husband who is trying to get him out of prison, and one day she finds a message that sheds light on a new perspective of her thoughts."
1689,1987,Egypt,2.5,8,"Farhana's daughter's heart is attached to the love of a young man named Hamada, who works as a driver on a taxi, watches Farha as she goes to her father on the farm, and Mahmoud, the detective officer, arrives at the village, and immediately after his arrival, Farhana's father collides with Farha's father due to illegal actions."
1690,1974,Egypt,2.5,8,"A small family whose breadwinner dies, and the uncle assists and supports her, responds to all the mother's requests, and the children who are not convinced of their modest life, but rather seek wealth and wealth from any door and in any direction, so we find the daughter Samira quickly falls into the clutches of Naji, whom she met through one of the Her friends, who is a rich man, and she deludes that he will marry her, so she surrenders to him, but he runs away from her."
1691,1972,Egypt,2.5,8,"Dalal is a girl of outstanding beauty. She feels the man's ambitions for her as a result of this beauty. She suffers from a psychological complex. Self-love, even when she marries a wealthy man, she cannot give him what men ask, even though she willingly married the man who is older than her."
1692,1987,Egypt,2.45,7,"Abu Al-Wafa is an inventor who works on hybridizing different types of plants in order to improve agricultural quality, and he tries to find someone to help him in his invention, but a mafia gang is trying to acquire this invention."
1693,1956,Egypt,2.45,7,"The film revolves around Souad Hanim, who is a victim of a murder during Samira's wedding, and her body is found in the garden. The investigator suspects four people, namely: (Saeed, Suleiman, Salim, and Magdy). After his suspicious disappearance, but as the investigation continues, more surprises are revealed."
1694,1991,Egypt,2.15,4,"The writer (Riad) marries the beautiful woman (Camelia), despite her previous relationship with (Azmi), his lawyer, while (Azmi) marries (Manar) the secretary (Riyadh). (Manar) suspects the renewed relationship between (Azmi) her husband and (Camelia)."
1695,1985,Egypt,2.6,12,"Mr. Qeshta is a merchant who lives in one of the popular areas, and is married to a barren woman who cannot have children, but he is satisfied with his share in life. One day, a young girl who is greedy with his money hovers around one day in various ways, and this girl actually succeeds in getting him into her window despite her being in love with a poor young man like her."
1696,1984,Egypt,2.6,12,"Fathi returns from Kuwait to find Sumaya, the widow of his father, who has married Al-Soul Medhat."
1697,1969,Egypt,2.6,12,"The son of Satan is a mysterious outlaw disguised character who kills men who remarry after leaving their wives and children. The spirit of revenge was deposited in the soul of the son of Satan after he married his father. He caused terror everywhere, and in the village he was confronted by a solitary policeman, Morsi, and he suspected that he was the son of the demon who was tempted and impudent."
1698,1983,Egypt,2.55,10,"The teacher, Abu Al-Atouf, agrees with the teacher, Atata, on the marriage of his son Ibrahim and her daughter, Semsem. Abd al-Basir, Ibrahim's uncle, goes to bless the bride and gets to know Atata, who resorted to the lawyer who worked with him as a writer twenty years ago to prove her daughter's lineage from Lotfi, a wealthy man who married her by custom and refused to recognize his paternity to Samasim, so she had to register her In the name of her deceased husband."
1699,1980,Egypt,2.55,10,"Salwa is a beautiful girl, but she lives in conflict because of her mother's weakness and her father's deceit and lies. Her friend Ismat, the plastic artist, introduces her to Alaa, a liberated young man who rebels against tradition and moral values, and lives a bohemian life."
1700,1976,Egypt,2.55,10,"Mahmoud is a shy university student who lives with his poor parents, his friends push him to have fun and get to know the bitches, one of them loves him and a relationship develops between them, then his father dies in a car accident and his life is turned upside down, and his goal becomes revenge on the girl who caused the death of his father."
1701,1976,Egypt,2.55,10,"In Al-Madbah neighborhood, the teacher lives, Umm Naima, and her daughter, the educated girl, a graduate of the Faculty of Law, Naima, who serves the neighborhood with all her efforts. Officer Ahmed comes to uncover a drug trafficking ring in which teacher Zaki Qudra is involved, who uses camels to hide drugs."
1702,1971,Egypt,2.55,10,"Ahmed decides to associate with his colleague at the university Zahra, and declares his parents about his desire to marry, but his father refuses because he is still a student and at the same time Zahra finds that there is a marriage project arranged for her by her father, so she tells Ahmed about that, who decides to marry Zahra, and they run together in her father's car after a change Its license plates are of other car plates of the same model."
1703,1970,Egypt,2.55,10,"(Tawfiq) is a veterinarian, and he decides to leave his work in the Ministry of Health in order to devote himself completely to conducting experiments in his laboratory located at his home, but what he does does not please his (Sunni) wife at all and she complains to her sister about what her husband does, but the matter completely changes when one of Tawfiq's experiments succeeds And it enjoys press coverage, but when he conducts a new experiment on the fiancé of his sister-in-law after she succeeds the experiment on the goat, an unexpected problem occurs."
1704,1970,Egypt,2.55,10,"The film consists of three different stories, the first is about Zaghloul, the lorry driver, who spends an evening with his friends and one of the gangs mistakenly thinks that he is their cooperating driver, and the second about the musician Hello, who everyone discovers all his lies when he takes a drug that detects lies, and the third about an opportunistic young man trying to try to try a wealthy young woman To blackmail her, but he falls into his evil deeds."
1705,1959,Egypt,2.55,10,"A mischievous young man has a relationship with a dancer. Her husband surprises him while they are together, so he takes out his gun to kill them, and during their fight a bullet is fired to hit the husband, so the young man runs away thinking that he killed him, and while he is running away, an investigation inspector sees him, and the young man believes that the inspector is chasing him even though he does not know anything about his crime, and he tries to flee, but the inspector is following him, and collapses The young man confesses that he is the killer and is surprised because the inspector does not know anything about his crime, and that he is going to attend his sister's marriage, so the inspector decides to hand him over to justice."
1706,1991,Egypt,2.35,6,"Samia is the wife of the millionaire businessman Adel, whose secretary Maha succeeds in wooing her, to marry her and separate from his wife, and Souad hates her cousin Samia, and plans to marry Adel after she failed six times in previous marriages. Samia and Souad resort to sorcery and magic to win a fair, Samia uses With her loyal friend Nawal, to get her husband back, but she covets him and marries him."
1707,1978,Egypt,2.35,6,"(Iman) is a beautiful, wealthy girl and the daughter of the businessman (Jasser). At the same time, he falls in love with her (Ashraf) and (Sami), the father agrees to her engagement to Sami. A month before the date of marriage, she loses her virginity due to a relationship between her and Sami, which leads them to advance the date of marriage without the father's knowledge."
1708,1975,Egypt,2.35,6,"Ahmed prepares the lecturer at the university to obtain a doctorate. His friend Fathi gets to know the lil girl Suzy, and he brings her to the apartment in which Ahmed and Saeed share. Ahmed asks Suzy to stop her work in exchange for an amount that he pays her after he learns about the difficult circumstances that led her to deviate, and he finds a material in which he benefits Of them in his studies."
1709,1964,Lebanon,2.35,6,"After the death of Antar, the men of the Bani Fazaza tribe take revenge on the men of the Bani Abs tribe, so she does not leave any man from them. Antar's sister can escape and hide Antar's daughter, so she raises her to hate her father's enemies until she grows up"
1710,1993,Egypt,2.25,5,"At one of the construction sites of one of the major contracting companies, everyone is competing for the love of Nargis, including the engineer Fathi, the engineer Qadri, and even Hammam the foreman loves her."
1711,1965,Egypt,2.25,5,"The movie revolves around a couple who live in a popular area and have a son. The husband works in contraband smuggling and encourages his son to follow this path and makes him his assistant. The mother vehemently objects, so the husband divorces her and expels her from the house, so she turns to a doctor in the neighborhood and works for him as a nurse, and then we can see what the fate of the surprises is hidden for her."
1712,1984,Egypt,2.7,22,"The events of the movie revolve around Kamel's uncle who opens a store for old books and magazines, and who the master of the owner of the house tries in various ways to expel him from the house in order to turn it into a clothes shop, and one day, an uncle finds a magic necklace among his books on a magic necklace who wears it becomes invisible And he uses it to help everyone who has been wronged in the region."
1713,2016,Egypt,2.1,4,"The work revolves around a comic about a restaurant employee who delivers orders to customers, but every time he goes out, he falls into a different dilemma and problem, which may affect his life greatly."
1714,2012,Lebanon,2.1,4,"With the end of the civil war and the passage of days, Karim becomes a young man and emigrates with the timing of the Beirut reconstruction project. In that project, Karim finds hope in restoring the paint and restoration of the structure that he inherits from his grandfather. He collides with the rehabilitation project when he discovers that the building is owned by a real estate company with the aim of establishing in its place the Dream Commercial Tower."
1715,1989,Egypt,2.1,4,"Three brothers live with their wives in one villa, Dr. Saeed, Salama and Saadoun. The family is surprised by those who knock on the door of the villa at dawn and put a baby in front of them in a basket, and with it a letter addressed to the traitorous lover whose name begins with the letter S, and thus the accusation is directed at all husbands In their husbands."
1716,2001,Egypt,2.8,92,"Zaghloul is a young inventor who tries to find a way to protect his home from collapse. He tries to rob Adham, a businessman, but fails to try and takes him with him."
1717,1976,Egypt,2.5,9,"Adel stands against Director Shawkat's attempts to exploit his position in suspicious construction operations, and Shawkat gets rid of it by plotting a murder for him that enters prison. Just, looking for clues."
1718,1962,Egypt,2.5,9,"Ahmed is enrolled in the university while his friend Ramzi inherits a great legacy after his father's death and wastes his money because of his mother's indulgence. The third friend Fathi lives with his mother after her divorce from his father, the great lawyer, and the three friends spend all their time in fun. Ramzi bumps a man with his car while he and his friends are Drunk, Ahmed takes advantage of this incident to extort money from Ramzi. Ahmed and Fathi get to know this girl who is burdening them with her demands, events escalate and the three friends decide to go further in their recklessness."
1719,1951,Egypt,2.5,9,"Abbas Abu al-Dahab divorces his wife Karima after she gave birth to three daughters, because he dreams about the son who will inherit his business and manage it after him, and he marries another named Jamalat and gives birth to a destroyed son named Nunu, and when the girls grow up, they go to their father to escape life with the mother's husband, and they deal with them The stepmother is dry and when the father gets sick, he finds all the help from his daughters."
1720,1990,Egypt,2.6,13,"Journalist Samiha Badran specializes in conducting journalistic investigations denouncing corruption in its various forms, which arouses the ire of a number of deviants, including the businessman Youssef who weaves his false emotions on Samiha to marry her, but discovers that he married her to distract her from her bold investigations in the world of drugs."
1721,1988,Egypt,2.6,13,"Hassan Music, a poor young man who lives in a cemetery, meets by chance with the daughter of an Egyptian millionaire who lives in the United States of America. She came to visit her mother's grave and knows that she is sick and needs a kidney transplant."
1722,1996,Egypt,2.4,7,"The events of the film deal with the life of one of the Roma tribes led by the hyena and whose members live on the outskirts of the city, and they carry out illegal activities such as theft and kidnapping, to which Dara belongs, which is trying to separate from her tribe, especially with the attempt of her family to marry her to her cousin Riad Massad, and at the same time events of conflict For the powers to lead the tribe between Kaddoura and Al-Dabaa."
1723,1986,Egypt,2.4,7,"Mu'tazila singer Najwa dedicates her life to raising her son Magdy, the student in the final of medicine, studies Majdy music and hides the matter from his mother and encourages his beloved Dina, his mother revolts against him when she finds out about the matter, she wants to be a doctor like his late father, Majdi leaves the house and gets to know the dancer Tomato and lives with her, Dina cooperates And Najwa kept him away from her and return him."
1724,1971,Egypt,2.4,7,"Tariq loves his cousin Zubeida and travels to Spain to work in bullfights under an assumed name. Zubeida comes to Spain in search of her lover, and he begs her to return to Morocco again, but she continues to chase him."
1725,1957,Egypt,2.4,7,"Karima becomes lonely after her parents separate and enrolled in a boarding school. Feelings of deprivation and loneliness increase in (Karima) with the passage of days, and when she reaches the age of puberty, she decides to live with her mother, who leads her in the same path that she takes, and then works as a dancer like her, and tries to beat a lover Her mother is in love with her."
1726,1994,Egypt,2.45,8,"(Zeenat) Hanim is a very wealthy woman. She has a spoiled son named Sherif who studies in the medical school, but he is a playboy. He meets a poor girl named (Fayza) who asks her to help him in his lessons, and deceives her and deceives her in the name of love. Jewelry (Zeenat) in cooperation with another man."
1727,1975,Egypt,2.45,8,"Muhammad, Helmy and Tawfiq are three friends, each one of them is completely different from the other. Muhammad Bohemi is indifferent to any responsibility. He marries his colleague Sana, but he quickly leaves her when she tells him that she is pregnant with him. As for my dream, he is an engineer who insists on implementing what he deems right and defies the dangers. Confrontation and persuasion, and he despises Kamal the leftist after he was one of his fans, while the third friend Tawfiq is another example that contradicts and opposes them, as he is an opportunist and my access does not care about anything."
1728,1972,Egypt,2.45,8,"The events revolve around (Ahmed) who gets acquainted with the girl of the night (Laila), and that after he finishes his mission to study engineering, (Ahmed) tells his father that he will bond with this girl, and he refuses the father and stands in the way of this marriage, and claims that he had a relationship with this girl To escalate events."
1729,2008,Lebanon,1.8,3,"A wealthy businessman (Jamil Harfouche) decides to celebrate his wife's birthday (Randa), so he invites the French singer (Bruno), whose wife used to like his songs in the days of youth, but (Bruno) is now a failed singer, and he does not mention his coming to (Lebanon) before as (Randa) believes that before the ceremony is revived, (Jamil Harfoush )'s car and his wife are stolen, but (Jamila) decides to go ahead with the party despite the wife's absence, according to the saying (that the show should continue)."
1730,1981,Egypt,2.55,11,"Amina suffers from the treatment of her father Abdel Hakim, who pressures her to get engaged to his colleague Gad, she gets to know the engineer Sharif and her father refuses to marry them, Amina escapes and Sharif makes his marriage to her, but they are surprised by the arrival of the father and Gad al-Haq."
1731,1978,Egypt,2.55,11,"Mahmoud obtains his PhD from America, to return and open a private office and silently add Hoda, who loves him, to work with him, while he is looking to improve his social situation to marry Souad, the wealthy woman who does not protect him."
1732,1964,Egypt,2.55,11,"The suicide princess decides to throw herself in the Nile after she is tired of returning to her divorced, because she cannot resist his temptation, Abbas, the taxi driver, rescues her, at the last moment, asks him to work for her, and to prevent her from returning to her divorce, Abbas is surprised by the return of the relationship between Princess and her divorced He quarrels with him, and discovers that he is seeking to seize the wealth of a princess, Amira's father decides to marry her to an elderly person she does not love. A princess runs away from her home, and decides once again to commit suicide. She meets Abbas, who rescues her and declares her love."
1733,1994,Egypt,2.75,38,"Firdaws or strawberries, a flower seller who wanders in the streets, falls in love with the dove of the poor wandering apple seller, and one day Thabet wanders in a luxury car in the streets and popular areas in search of happiness and decides to enter their lives and deal with them on the barter system, to take happiness from them and give them money to achieve it Their dreams."
1734,1993,Egypt,2.2,5,"The film takes place in a social context within the Egyptian and Arab community, with its countless problems and exciting stories."
1735,1974,Egypt,2.2,5,"Mahmoud raises Souad after the death of her parents, and years pass by and he marries her, but he divorces her after suffering impotence as a result of an accident, and she gets acquainted with Ahmed and admires him, and Mahmoud asks him to marry her, so he agrees and Mahmoud lives with her."
1736,1981,Egypt,2.3,6,"Hoda loves Wahid, a student who lives in one of the apartments of the building that her mother owns, and Wahid gets to know Hassouna and Salama who live in the same house, while their colleague Shawqi gets to know the dancer Ashgan, who exploits his gullibility and uses him in drug smuggling operations with her lover Hamza. Shawqi, Asgan marvels at Wahid, and they meet again and the police chase Hamza, who arrives at Ashjan's house and is surprised by the presence of a loner, and Ashgan refuses to run away with Hamza."
1737,1977,Egypt,2.3,6,"Despite the big age difference between them, Fawzia decides to marry Abdulaziz, and run away from him despite the rejection of her father and brother, and live with her husband and have a daughter, but she feels that she is creating for life at home, and then she turns to my description in order to push her to work in the field of journalism, and with time a journey begins. Her social rise and rise, and she gradually turns into a woman of society."
1738,1954,Egypt,2.3,6,"A young man (Muhammad Al-Kahlawi) grows up in a rich family and believes that he is its son. There is a dispute between him and the spoiled son of the family (Nour Al-Demerdash), so his mother insults him and reveals his truth to him. He leaves the house for them and leaves, then the head of the family dies, who admits before his death that the young man is his legal son."
1739,1945,Egypt,2.3,6,"My grandfather is confused about the three daughters who claim love to him without knowing anything about his morals, he is a rich person looking for a girl who wants him for his person. He meets equity and is shocked that her rich father is very stingy. The father conspires to marry his youngest daughter with a neighbor, provided that the curmudgeon marries the neighbor's daughter."
1740,1996,Egypt,2.6,14,"Brothers Aziz and Latif own a commercial company in which an honest accountant works. They fabricate a charge against him and go to prison and appoint a beggar to work in his place as a bet on what turns a person into a criminal, and the accountant and the beggar discover the bet and plot revenge."
1741,1982,Egypt,2.6,14,"Aziza lives with her late stepmother Fahima and her husband Atris, her cousin Salem and Radwan arrive in Alexandria and Atris arranges a business for them. Salem works to provide the amount required to buy a dear land that the son of their town, Awad, covets."
1742,1979,Egypt,2.6,14,"In a great struggle, Adam Al-Esnaoui, the owner of the contracting company, lives, at times he finds himself in trouble with his daughter Samira, who forces her to marry the engineer Hamdi, and at other times he is harsh on his eldest daughter Fafi from his first wife. At the same time, he does not acknowledge his paternity to Nabil and his mother, Nafisa, but his illness and his forced travel for treatment pushes him to deal with Nabil and meet him before his departure."
1743,1964,Egypt,2.6,14,"The work deals with the story of a young mannequin, who suffers from family problems that make her lonely and frustrated, for she is prompted by chance to get acquainted with a painter who uses girls as models for his paintings, and she visits his home to get acquainted with a senior official in the state, who cares about her in turn, wants her, and tries to capture her for himself, and turns There are circles between her family problems and her personal concerns."
1744,2019,Tunisia,1.75,3,(Yusef) on his way to retirement. His wife (Amal) is trying to find shelter after a mastectomy.
1745,2014,Egypt,2.7,25,"The film revolves around the horror comic about the (Hrawi) family's house surrounded by mystery, which people consider to be haunted by strange creatures and goblins, where terrifying phenomena occur."
1746,1985,Egypt,2.5,10,"Mushtaha flees her hometown after one of the residents assaulted her, and her relationship with the taxi driver, Zaki, is strengthened. Rich businessman Sadiq admires her and Zaki encourages her to agree to marry him until he seizes his wealth. Sadiq becomes paralyzed when he discovers her betrayal, and the two lovers fail to know how to open the safe from Sadiq, and they decide to kill him."
1747,1981,Egypt,2.5,10,"(Hassan) enters the mental hospital, claiming insanity, after he robbed a jewelry store. (Naima) visits him, claiming that she is his sister. Marriage and you agree."
1748,1978,Egypt,2.5,10,"(Esmat) herself drives the taxi that she owns. She is being harassed by her former driver (Abdullah) who used to exploit her. Some men of bad repute force her to drive her to an abandoned place, where the morality police arrest them, and events unfold."
1749,1953,Egypt,2.5,10,"The uncle sees that he marries his nephew, perhaps this marriage will keep him away from the divine life, and he is looking for a girl who accepts to marry such a young man. Accept marriage to his nephew."
1750,2013,Egypt,2.35,7,"In the context of excitement and suspense, the film revolves around a police officer (Edward) who searches for those involved in a murder that is surrounded by mystery, in which he accuses the businessman (Sami Al-Adl) .. The events follow; Where it is discovered that the officer (Ashraf Moslehi) is involved in the case, and that there are strings linking him to (Ola Ghanem), the wife of a businessman, and that she is also pointing the finger of blame to her."
1751,1991,Egypt,2.35,7,"Siham finds herself in the street after the fall of her house, and she does not find anyone to help her, and she is exposed to an attempt to rape, but Dr. Hussein saves her, brings her to his house, then admires her and proposes to marry her, his young brother Yusef returns from travel, and everyone lives happily. However, the doctor suffers paraplegia, which causes him to shoot arrows and force Yusef to marry her in order to guarantee her the continuation of a decent life in case of his death."
1752,1983,Egypt,2.35,7,"The vegetable seller blessed the firstborn of his daughter's marriage to Ahmed, despite the educational difference between them. At the same time, teacher Jaber wants to marry her, so he snatches their sweetness and hides it in his secluded store. Bakri accuses the teacher Jaber and arrests him with his assistants, Waza and Hammouda, who appears to be one of the detectives. Events."
1753,1975,Egypt,2.55,12,"Love links the famous singer Hoda and Sami Karam, editor-in-chief of one of the magazines, and a well-known political writer. Everyone stands against their relationship as he is married and heads a family and the elections are approaching for the Journalists Syndicate and his rival Subhi exploits this relationship to defame him."
1754,1987,Egypt,2.15,5,"Postpone d. Hanan, a psychiatrist, her wedding to Dr."
1755,1976,Egypt,2.15,5,"Rustum Bey Al-Nashuqati, the owner of a large contracting company, who only has his daughter, Sophie, decides to dispense with all his employees because he will use the electronic mind in carrying out all his work, and at the same time he celebrates his daughter Sufi sermon to the businessman Mishmash, who does not care about her as much as he cares about money and trade. Wael learns from his father about what Rustam Bey did, who fired him from his job, so he decides to avenge his father."
1756,1974,Egypt,2.15,5,"A shepherd falls in love with a wealthy young medical graduate. His mother rejects this relationship, so she arranges a plan to keep her away from him, and the plan succeeds, and the sponsor is forced to marry a wealthy old man who loved her, but he dies shortly after marriage, leaving her with wealth that he steals from her by deceiving a relative."
1757,2018,Egypt,2.45,9,"The events of the film revolve around the theft of a manuscript from Egypt by a multinational gang, under the leadership of their boss, who had a daughter from a former wife, but he did not know this, which led to the involvement of this daughter in one of his crimes."
1758,2016,Lebanon,2.45,9,"Samar is a beautiful girl who is forced by harsh living conditions to live with her sisters, and someone tries to exploit them in illegal work, so Samar decides after this to volunteer for work in the civil defense, and there she falls in love with one of her colleagues who helped him to keep his land from an exploiting man trying to obtain On it by any means."
1759,1985,Egypt,2.45,9,"The people of the neighborhood all trust the uncle of Qandil, the owner of the famous barber shop in the neighborhood who helps them solve their various problems, but at the same time he fails to treat a serious uncle and causes his death, which leads to his imprisonment for five years, so that his greedy son Salah takes advantage of the opportunity. Transforming a barber shop into a clothes shop."
1760,1989,Egypt,2.65,19,"Journalist Esmat sympathizes with Omar the terrorist, a fugitive from justice after proving his innocence to her, and she relates to him after he represents her love. Esmat is preparing to travel to Abu Dhabi where an international conference will be held there."
1761,1989,Egypt,2.4,8,"Abbas covets the wealth of his wife Hamida, and Alish and his brothers stand before the greed of their mother's husband Abbas, and Abbas plans to keep Alyish out of the picture in order to seize the wealth for himself, so he informs the recruitment department to summon him to perform military service."
1762,1979,Egypt,2.4,8,"Teacher Radwan, Sami's father, dies as a victim of a murder after a frantic chase, prompting Sami on a journey to search for the truth behind his father's killing. Matters get complicated after the death of Abdul Samad, a murder victim."
1763,1977,Egypt,2.4,8,"Jamalat and her sister Maysa work in dancing in a nightclub after the death of their father, the theater artist. Maysa gets to know the actor Essam, who admires her and exchanges feelings. She forms a theater group with Essam and his friend Fattouh and some friends despite Jamalat's objection, and Essam's father's disapproval, so events escalate."
1764,1976,Egypt,2.4,8,"The two friends Imad and Kamal work in a company and compete for the love of Mona. Kamal travels on a mission to Germany as a result of Emad's planning to facilitate Kamal's travel instead of him in this mission. Imad takes the opportunity and marries Mona and they live happily. Imad becomes deputy general manager and becomes distracted by his work on Mona, who She feels bored, so that Kamal comes back and complains to him of Mona, and Imad's heart becomes suspicious after Kamal returns from traveling."
1765,1971,Egypt,2.4,8,"Adam, a miner, follows the news about the disappearance of nuclear missiles, and these missiles lead to an unprecedented rise in temperatures, and to the sterility of all men of the world except him due to confrontation in the mine at the time of the explosion, and since then Adam turns into a national wealth, and the countries of the world try to She takes possession of him in her favor as he is the only man capable of childbearing."
1766,1970,Egypt,2.4,8,"An accident occurs to three people across the desert road, and they are transferred to the hospital in critical and dangerous situations, and they are a police officer, a dancer, and a ball player."
1767,1982,Egypt,2.25,6,"Fahmy agrees with his colleagues Nasr and Kamal to steal the company's treasury because the first one needs to treat his son. Fahmy seizes the stolen money bag before arresting him with Nasr and hides it, as for Kamal, the charge is not proven against him, and the two thieves manage to escape when they are deported. He calls Kamal to put pressure on Fahmy to give them their share."
1768,1982,Egypt,2.25,6,"Naima escapes from the house in which she lives with her stepfather, and meets a makogi who intervenes for her with Scheherazade, the owner of the architecture, to work for her in her sleep. All of Scheherazade's fortune for Nights, Jalal marries her in anticipation of her new fortune."
1769,1977,Egypt,2.25,6,"Naima suffers from her husband's jealousy over her to the point that he locks her at home and disables the phone, so she can call the Hanafi worker to fix the device at the same time that the husband arrives and thinks she is betraying him and divorces her."
1770,1972,Egypt,2.25,6,"Nadia is a careless girl who directs herself through the relationship of her friends Kamal, Joker and Jenna, and in the midst of life she meets with Ahmed the journalist whom she loves at first sight, and Gina comes to Nadia asking her to hide her husband with her without giving reasons, Nadia knows from the Joker that Gina's husband is on the run From justice, Ahmed looks up on that and promises her that he will come to find a solution to that, but he is late. Gina's husband tries to assault Nadia, so she stabs him with a knife, and he is arrested, and attempts are made to prove her innocence."
1771,1959,Egypt,2.25,6,"An investigation officer feels sad after the death of his beloved Samara, and is tasked with investigating the case of a drug gang, and in the midst of all this, the spirit of his late girlfriend appears again, and many facts are revealed to him."
1772,1968,Egypt,2.55,13,"Tawfiq goes through financial hardship, one of his relatives dies, and he becomes her only heir, so he sells her furniture to pay off his debts. She left a precious jewel for him, and he was surprised that it was hidden in one of the pieces of the sold furniture."
1773,1954,Egypt,2.55,13,"The events of the film take place in the house of (Ibrahim Effendi), a simple employee who lives in a popular neighborhood with his wife and son. His relatives, and he sends him a telegram inviting him to stay with him, and he rents one of the villas in order to receive the millionaire, arrives (guarded) and stays with them, but he discovers, with the passage of time, the extent of the great dilemma in which the family lies."
1774,2020,Egypt,2.1,5,"The events revolve around an introverted and shy young man, and she has many problems at the point of dealing with people, society and everyone around him, but there is an accident that changes his life upside down, so how will he deal with it, and what is the change that will happen to him?"
1775,1952,Egypt,2.1,5,"A thief gambler who is chased by the police, so he turns to Soraya, his old friend, and sells her to her newborn son because of her husband's delusion that he is her son, and thus she can inherit him, and Fatima, the mother of the infant, raises her second daughter, and the years pass and the mother and daughter live by returning to the acting that she was proficient in when she was young. The son meets his sister and they both love, and they are ignorant of the bonds of their close relationship."
1776,2008,Egypt,2.8,128,"A poor young man loves boxing from a young age and is trying to reach a distinguished stage with the help of his coach, while he is related to a girl from a very wealthy family, which causes many problems for him through her family and the other person who wants to associate with her, which affects him psychologically and threatens his future In his favorite hobby."
1777,1990,Egypt,2.3,7,"By bribery, a major contracting company is able to obtain a permit to demolish an entire popular neighborhood and build luxurious residential towers in its place. The case of the people of the neighborhood, a member of the People's Assembly for the district (Majida) in which the neighborhood is located, is adopted by the corrupt officials to confront her efforts and by chance the President of the Republic sees her in During one of the People's Assembly sessions, he asks to meet her in Aswan, and it is decided to go to see the documents that prove corruption of officials who are trying to spoil and obstruct her case by stealing documents."
1778,1964,Egypt,2.3,7,Yassin (Hassan Youssef) is an adventurous young man who loves everything that is strange and new and is looking for fame in any way. (Samir) saves him at the last minute and becomes a famous lawyer.
1779,1996,Egypt,2.65,21,"Shafei is a young, ground employee who belongs to a popular environment who works in one of the government agencies. He is forty years old and has not married. He lives with his mother who is harsh on him. He lives in a closed circle of work for the house without change. The dancer hides planets in her house to change his outlook on life through a fleeting relationship, and then begins a lifetime adventure."
1780,2019,Egypt,2.8,133,"The events of the film revolve around the young Yahya, famous for Pharaoh, who runs the largest organized assassination network in Egypt, and is forced to go to Syria to free his son by an ISIS gang, and save him accompanied by a group of his friends, some of whom think that they have traveled there to search for A great treasure in the conflict zone."
1781,2007,Egypt,2.2,6,"The events of the film revolve around Major General Margouchi (Wahid Saif) who works for (Saad Allah and upon God) who are recruits in the army, making them watch over his two daughters Walaa (Jihan Qamari) and Engy (Enas Najjar) who are related to Nader and Hatem (Sameh Yusri), the singer who owns his father Nightclub."
1782,1979,Egypt,2.2,6,"Hoda, wife of Major Mahmoud and their son, were killed by the men of a smuggling gang in gold, in revenge for Mahmoud. Hassan introduces him to the gang to work with them."
1783,1968,Syria,2.2,6,"Two friendly friends who swindle the women, compete in catching the victims of the wealthy women, decide to cooperate after one of them threatens the other to reveal their players, and they go down to a luxury hotel, in order to throw the nets on a beautiful girl millionaire."
1784,1978,Egypt,2.45,10,"Doctor Ahmed is being arrested, and his colleague Emad is killed as a result of torture, forcing Rifaat, the intelligence chief, Ahmed to sign a medical certificate confirming Imad's natural death in exchange for his release, so Ahmed agrees, so he gets out of detention and plans to take revenge on Rifaat, and the events follow."
1785,1965,Egypt,2.45,10,"The events of the movie take place in a comedic sarcastic setting when a young man thinks that he will die within a few weeks, and decides to get rid of his life quickly, and agrees with a thief who came to steal his house to kill him inattention in exchange for an amount of money, then the doctor assures him of his safety, so he tries to escape From the thief who chases him everywhere to implement the agreement, and at the same time he falls in love with a beautiful girl and decides to join her, and the events and paradoxes follow."
1786,1964,Egypt,2.45,10,"(Set her father) is a girl who lives in one of the popular neighborhoods, and she marries Salah, and she is not satisfied with her life and one day she decides to leave to Istanbul, and there she meets a rich man who helps her to be a prominent woman in society, she returns with the rich Turkish to Egypt, in an attempt to request Divorce from Salah until she marries the rich, but the husband decides to discipline his wife."
1787,1985,Egypt,2.35,8,"Abu El-Maati disguises himself as a janitor in a building to escape from justice, where he meets a dancer and they work together in prostitution and drug trafficking, but events turn around when he decides to run for the elections."
1788,1985,Egypt,2.35,8,"Dr. Tolba lives a very stable life with his wife, his cousin, children and brother Alaa, the university student. He gets to know Nana, the reckless girl who grew up in a decadent family. He feels that Nana brought joy into his dry life, so he spends it lavishly on it and neglects his work and his family without having doubts about his wife, they travel to Alexandria Despite his brother's warnings."
1789,1969,Egypt,2.35,8,"The movie revolves around the wife (Fatima) who feels very jealous of her husband (Hassan) who works as a lawyer, and his work conditions force him to deal with many women, including the dancer (Souad), whose relationship with (Hassan) worsens matters between him and his wife."
1790,1967,Egypt,2.35,8,"Three girls, (Iman), (Amal) and (Hiam) are students at the university. They come from distant villages and cities who live in the house of female students and suffer from the bullying of supervisors, and the director of the house (Hiam) who comes from the countryside, who writes poetry and has a love relationship with someone Journalists, and (Amal) who dreams of marrying a wealthy young man who fulfills her financial aspirations of owning a villa, a car and (Iman) who is looking forward to graduation, work and its time is the time for love, and in the midst of these circumstances, they suffer from the bullying of supervisors, the director of the house and fall into many problems"
1791,1962,Egypt,2.4,9,"Lillian is a jewish dancer who has many admirers among them Farid, a wealthy young man who suffers from emptiness. She leaves him to go to Palestine, and gets to know her fellow dancer, Jawaher. Plotting an ambush to kill and rob Fred, and the events unfold."
1792,2016,Egypt,2.6,17,"(Safwat) assigns (Magdy) the industrious taxi driver the task of assassinating the thinker and novelist (Jalal Mahmoud), claiming that he is an immoral and atheist man. Safwat) due to his extreme cruelty towards her and his exploitation of her, so she tries to depart from his obedience."
1793,1994,Egypt,2.55,14,"The story of the famous dancer Hikmat Fahmy, who was spying on the British army for the benefit of the German forces during World War II, convinced that she was contributing to ridding Egypt of the British occupation."
1794,2016,Egypt,2.05,5,"(Nima) is a beautiful girl, who lives in a simple popular neighborhood with her family. Some young men in her area covet her, and who are very dangerous. Matters develop and her brother begins to reveal his fangs to protect her from what she and her family are subjected to from harassment. On the other hand, (Grace) is involved in An ocean full of suspicious relationships."
1795,1970,Egypt,2.05,5,"In one of the competitions, (Rushdi Ahmed) succeeds in winning the result of the competition, which is a trip to Greece, so he accompanies his bride to spend his honeymoon there, and during that one of the gangs tries to smuggle a set of jewelry inside the couple's bags on the basis that they are on a trip, and indeed the gang succeeds in smuggling jewelry in Greece The chases begin to retrieve the bag."
1796,1980,Egypt,2.5,12,"After the death of her father, Nadia goes to stay in the house of her cousin, Rushdi Al-Bagouri, to convince her son Adel to exploit her father's wealth to establish a factory for farmers who care about their problems, but she is subjected to many harassment from the second son, Ramzi, to decide to leave, and events escalate."
1797,1976,Egypt,2.5,12,"(Mahmoud Abdel Sattar) One of the serious teachers, he came from the countryside to live in Cairo, one evening he goes to a brothel with a friend who knows him on a set of human models that he has never seen, there is a surprise, in the midst of this crowd with his low moral standards, His gaze falls on (Madiha) the beautiful little girl who was his student, when he was fascinated by her, playing with the strings of love in his flanks."
1798,1987,Egypt,2.25,7,"(Mahmoud) leaves his hometown after presenting his shroud to stop the bloodbath between his family and another family. The dispute started when he met (Mahmoud) the chief of Al Hawara, who is controlling the town, and (Salim) wanted to buy the share of his brother's widow (Attiyat), who She refuses to sell, and (Mahmoud) sympathizes with her against (Salim), who is being subjected to an attempted murder by some of the people, so (Mahmoud) protects him with what he has from the families."
1799,1983,Egypt,2.25,7,"Jamil Hussein works in the jeweler Azouz's shop and gains his confidence. Jamil falls in love with Souad, but her brother Sarhan is opposed to marriage. Azouz assigns Jamil to carry a jewelry bag to the butcher Attia in order for his daughter to choose the net. A dispute arises between the butcher and the preacher, so the choice of the net is postponed. Jamil is forced to reside in One of the major hotels, based on the advice of his neighbor, Souad, who works in the same hotel, so that he can store the jewelry that he has in the hotel's safety deposit box."
1800,1961,Egypt,2.25,7,"The translator loves his cousin, but her father insists that the translator pay the appropriate dowry, and only finds the old house that he owns, offering it for sale, but the antiquities dealer only offers a low price, at the same time one of the antiquities stealing gangs searches for the coffin of a Pharaonic queen and discovers his presence in Torgoman House."
1801,1995,Egypt,2.15,6,"Abu Zaid is a young university student who loves his wealthy colleague and refuses her uncle and guardian of this marriage, and in view of her insistence, he recommends that she not inherit it unless her husband dies, and this is how the life of the spouses is filled with doubt and disagreement."
1802,2012,Egypt,1.8,4,"Within the framework of the action films, the events of the movie take place where a gang conducts operations that follow a young man and a girl, who are kidnapped, and the events follow with the occurrence of many ironies between the gang members and their victims."
1803,2016,Lebanon,2,5,"Max is a rich man who works and lives in the United States of America and has succeeded in achieving great successes in the stock market, but due to a small mistake, he becomes bankrupt after losing all his money in the stock exchange, and is forced to return to his homeland Lebanon with his spoiled dog, and he joins work as a security person, and on Max and his dog Help Nadia save her kidnapped father."
1804,2015,Egypt,2,5,"Mona hit the orphan child Karim with her car, so she killed him, and she was psychologically traumatized. Karim could not bear the distance from Nour, so he made a dangerous decision."
1805,1978,Egypt,2.45,11,"The film tells the story of the life of Abd al-Adab al-Arabi literature Taha Hussein, since his childhood in a village in Minya, where he was able to overcome all difficulties, despite being blind, to leave his mark on literature, the cultural scene and the educational system."
1806,1956,Egypt,2.45,11,"Munira is a widow, and decides to marry Ghazal, who is an artist in a club. Her brothers are against this marriage because of their greed for her wealth. But the second wife discovers her husband's trick, killing the child by poisoning him."
1807,1954,Egypt,2.45,11,"With the independence of one of the girls for a taxi, if there is a love story that arises between her and the taxi driver, their meetings multiply and she asks him to propose to her marriage, but he refuses the difference in the social level, so she resorts to the trick of disguising another character and works as a singer and claims to be her sister, they share in singing shows and achieve success. He is in love with the singer and does not know that she is the same rich girl, but some bad guys are trying to trap them."
1808,1974,Egypt,2.55,15,"(Madiha) an air hostess who believes in her freedom, fails to marry twice, so she prefers to live alone with the same freedom and freedom as a man. She meets Solomon at the dentist, and he wrongly understands her freedom. He misbehaves with her, but she teaches him an unforgettable lesson. Fate sends her good through an interview, and they meet at the idea of the freedom they love. Hassan thinks about marrying Madiha, but family, society and traditions stand in the way of this marriage."
1809,1965,Egypt,2.55,15,"Hammouda is a simple teacher who works in a compulsory school, and one day he raises some trouble with a parent, but the school principal does justice to the guardian, and separates Hammouda from the school, so Hammouda works in an economic company, and soon discovers that the company's manager is doing illegal work They offer to help him in these works. Hammouda soon learns the swindling and fraud, and he is able to do some work on his behalf, and he becomes rich."
1810,1992,Egypt,2.3,8,"Kamel works as an employee in a government agency, and he lives happily with his wife Amina and his two young daughters, and his neighbor and friend Mohsen invites the whole and his family to spend several days with his sister Souad in his luxurious apartment in Alexandria. Because he is busy with work, Mohsen plans to vacate the apartment for Amina, who is dazzled by Mohsen."
1811,1978,Egypt,2.3,8,"(Laila) is an orphan girl who lives in a room in (Zenouba) house. Three friends live in an apartment in the same house. (Essam) and (Adel) compete to win her love, while (Nour) admires her in silence. Friendship grows between her and them and (Noor) exchanges his same feelings ... (Nour) refuses to marry the daughter of his wealthy cousin and gets engaged to (Laila), then (Laila) becomes seriously ill that requires surgery."
1812,1971,Egypt,2.3,8,"A parcel arrives in the mail that contains notes in the form of a book unknown by its author, but the title is (Miss Manal's Diary), and Manal hardly browses through the memories notebook until she finds an honest picture of a group of relationships and enormous memories from her life from the first moments, and about her multiple relationships from an early age Her nails."
1813,1970,Egypt,2.3,8,"The prison car breaks down and contains three prisoners, so the guard is forced to take them to the nearest house and seek help, and there the prisoners enter into many funny situations that follow them."
1814,1992,Egypt,2.4,10,"Dalia is a girl from a wealthy family, her family's property was confiscated by the Free Officers 'government after July 1952, which creates a great grudge against the regime, and the Israeli intelligence services exploit this issue and decide to recruit her and agree to work for them. He is assigned a sensitive mission in Greece, and he tracks her there. Officer Mohy, who is trying to trap her"
1815,1985,Egypt,2.4,10,(Zahira) is a poor girl who lives with her wealthy relative (Aziz al-Naji). His wife (Olfat) wants to get rid of Zahira. From his servant and marriage to a wealthy man (Muhammad Al-Fasakhani).
1816,1945,Egypt,2.4,10,"The events of the film revolve around the shepherd of the sheep (Salama) with a charming voice who has a love affair with (Abd al-Rahman), but stands before her love (Ibn Suhail) greed for her, and she escapes from him in fear for herself and her love, and (Abdulrahman) begins his search journey about her ."
1817,2017,Egypt,2.35,9,"The events of the film take place in a framework of movement, excitement and suspense, through the narration of several separate stories, the young lawyer (Ahmed Mounir) links the events between them, who reopens some of the old cases that were sentenced, some of which were sentenced to death. Because he believes that those convicted in these cases are not the real perpetrators, and submits a report to the Attorney General, using some information stored on a memory card."
1818,2013,Lebanon,2.35,9,
1819,1989,Egypt,2.6,19,"A love story that ends between Hassan and Hala, the years pass and each of them goes a different path. Hala marries an unfair businessman at the age of her father, while Hasan marries a foreigner and has a child before he loses her on a diving trip, but exciting destinies and risks combine Hassan And Hala again, and the story of their love is reborn."
1820,2012,Egypt,2.75,58,"Saeed is striving to complete his marriage to Samah and submits an application for an apartment within one of the governorate's projects, but after obtaining approval, he is surprised by the events of the January 25 revolution, which prevents him from receiving it and begins his suffering in an attempt to save his sister Wafa from continuing with the ranks of the revolutionaries, but he is surprised by himself amid Those rows."
1821,2018,Egypt,1.95,5,"The story revolves around a group of young people trying to present useful works to society. But they collide with the dire reality, when some people try to abuse and trap them."
1822,1970,Egypt,2.2,7,"A gang takes from a nightclub and its den, looking for a map showing the treasure of Napoleon, Tanashi tries to search for the map, and the gang members quarrel, so that her boss ends up getting the map and puts it in his locker, and after Tanashi is killed, the police come to investigate the killing of Tanashi, who sells furniture His home to Reda Alfont."
1823,2017,Egypt,2.65,25,"Soraya (Mervat Amin) is a woman from an ancient aristocratic family who owns an entire property in Helwan, and inside this property the Helwan Police Department occupies part of the property, and Soraya decides to file a lawsuit in order to recover the place occupied by the police department from her property owned by her."
1824,2000,Egypt,2.6,20,"(The nemes) is a constant quarreling microbus driver, and he moves from one job to another, and one day he gets to know a businessman who is assigned the task of delivering money with his wife and his assistant, while he is plotting, and he becomes (the mongoose) in the middle of a great adventure."
1825,2007,Lebanon,1.7,4,"The film tells a story from the war of a sheikh named (Yusuf), who is the only resident of that building that was torn apart by war and turned into a ruin. (Youssef) lives in an impossible space between reason and madness, remembers, dreams, and contemplates that he collects pictures of people who were living in the building, in moments of happiness and glow, the remnants of images and their edges, everything that depicts happiness, and brings back beautiful memories, perhaps they will come."
1826,1988,Egypt,2.7,37,"The third-class fans are exposed to troubles and dangers, unlike the administration headed by Auf and the (Habayeb Al-Nadi) group, where they win the gains without getting tired. The management absorbs their revolution by choosing Sorour as their representative in the council."
1827,2013,Egypt,2.05,6,"The story takes place in Alexandria, where we meet six different personalities, each of whom have their own concerns. The first was unable to show his true feelings towards his father while he was on his deathbed, the second was always afraid to cross the road every day, the third was anxious on her wedding night about facing the idea of marriage, the fourth was a young girl who discovers her grandmother's secrets while playing with her toys, the fifth is no longer able to sleep early since the death"
1828,2000,Egypt,2.4,11,The scientist Zaki discovers the possibility of transforming salt water into energy and records his invention on a tape. He is assassinated and steals the tape. Sally and Jehan bribes hostesses in a tourism company.
1829,1985,Egypt,2.4,11,"(Hamdan) and (Zainhom), the Madbah merchants, compete to marry the teacher (Afkar) and Zainhom wins and gives her all his property."
1830,1958,Egypt,2.3,9,"A swindler gets out of prison after he has served his sentence and seizes some of the money that his prison colleague told him about its location, then his malicious ideas drive him to seek after a woman in society, and he can, through trick and swindling, deduct an amount of money from her by fraud and sorcery, and he becomes fond of this deception and begins to lure women into his apartment."
1831,1956,Egypt,2.3,9,"The mayor of Marshi is married to a dancer and has a daughter from his first wife. The mayor exploits the farmers to achieve his ambitions and his own financial goals, and the mayor knows that there is a person from the ministry who will search for him, arriving at the same time two strangers from the village, and the mayor believes that one of them is the inspector general of the ministry, so he gets close to him."
1832,1950,Egypt,2.3,9,"Two states of imagination, wars abound between them, so the two angels agree on intermarriage to avoid wars, and on the way, the king's son escapes from his companions, but he meets his prospective bride, `` Sit al-Hassan, '' without knowing and loving her while he tries to escape from this marriage."
1833,1985,Egypt,2.15,7,"After Doctor Fuad performs an operation for Shams and saves her life, she clings to him and asks him to marry, to hide from her that he is associated with Narcissus, fearing the deterioration of her health, to marry her and Narcissus at the same time, and convince Shams that Narges is his sister, so that the events escalate."
1834,1985,Egypt,2.15,7,"After (Naguib) marries (Nawara), he deports her to Port Said, to make Nawara narrow that Najib is the head of the house, and she agrees with her friend (Safia) to lure her husband Najib, so that Nawara can threaten him and control the house, so that she succeeds, and works in trade until she becomes a lady Famous acts, to escalate events."
1835,2015,Egypt,2.45,13,"During its events, the film is exposed to the ascension journey that Karam El-King (Mahmoud Abdel-Mughni) undertakes, starting from one of the poor, popular areas, and turns from a mere owner of a store that sells electrical appliances to a drug dealer, but during this journey he becomes chased by the police forces because of a crime he did not commit, which is What forces him to get out of the lane, to begin since then another journey whose goal becomes an attempt to clear his name."
1836,2015,Egypt,2.45,13,"The events of the film focus on an Egyptian girl who travels to Lebanon, and faces many difficulties during her trip until a Lebanese young man is interested in offering her a helping hand, and with time the relationship between them develops into a love relationship."
1837,1996,Egypt,2.55,18,"Sultan helps Hanim to work as a maid in Dr. Fayez's villa and he frequents her a lot, and after Dr. Fayez discovers the relationship between them, Sultan kills the doctor and steals his money. Sultan invests this money in a company and marries a wealthy woman. Bury her body."
1838,1973,Egypt,2.55,18,"Abu Rabee 'agrees to be a custodian of the land that Hajj Ragheb wrote to his niece Yasmine, but Othman Bey and his son want to seize this land by all means, such as arranging a wedge between Abu Rabei and Jasmine, and Murad's attempt to make Jasmine fall in love with him, so will their scheme succeed?"
1839,2008,Egypt,2.8,224,"A girl who steals mobiles with her partner and is searched at a police station on the road, sacrifices him, and gets involved in a murder, so she escapes to live in Alexandria, and is forced to work as a nanny for a police brigade, while the girl meets another person who changes her whole life, and she begins The path of commitment and repentance."
1840,1987,Egypt,2.2,8,"The young thief (Fattouh) gets to know the teacher (Bayoumi) while he is in prison, and after he leaves, he returns to the swindle and fraud again, so the police chase him, so he turns to the teacher Bayoumi to hide for him in the Qardatiyah neighborhood, and he asks him to teach him the profession of monkeys, so he agrees and gives him the monkey (Sesame) that Fattouh trains. On the theft, and in the meantime, (Sunni) the daughter of the teacher (Bayoumi) is linked to Fatouh, who deceives her, after he promises her to marry, and after he collects a sum of money, he disappears from the neighborhood, and becomes one of the rich businessmen and is looking for him (Sunni) to take revenge on him."
1841,1984,Egypt,2.2,8,"Mamdouh is married to Wafaa, and Morsi is married to Zizi, and they work together for an advertising company. And they are famous for their many women's relationships."
1842,1989,Egypt,2.1,7,"(Kamal) one of the heroes of the October War falls in captivity for 4 years, and (Manal) his wife gets a divorce, considering him missing, and during her wedding to (Muhammad) a wealthy businessman, (Kamal )'s brother tells her that he has returned from captivity and she refuses to consummate the marriage. Events"
1843,1985,Egypt,2.1,7,"The engineer Mahmoud and doctor Madiha Ibn Waheed is Omar, who gets to know Fifi, the manicure girl who teaches him to take narcotic pills. When he became addicted to her, she taught him heroin addiction. When he was unable to save money, he stole his mother's jewelry, so she expelled him from the house and lives with Fifi and joins the gang to work on distributing heroin tickets."
1844,1951,Egypt,2.1,7,"The singer Raiq divorces his wife, the dancer, for the third time, and after a while he reviews himself and wants to restore his longing to his infallibility, but there must be an analyst in order to return to his life with longing, longing asks Fayek to be the analyst. Raiq marries her."
1845,1984,Egypt,2.4,12,"University student Salwa in Paris gets to know Dr. Sherif, bonds love between them, and reveals to her because of his stay in Paris. He caused the death of a patient after he decided to undergo an operation despite the objections of his colleagues. The press attacks him and leaves Egypt."
1846,1973,Egypt,2.65,30,"Abdul-Moati works as a superintendent for a high school, and he suffers from the presence of five riot students in one class, including his son Mansour, who always cause many problems inside and outside the school, and a young teacher named Effat Abdel Karim arrives at the school, and the responsibility for this troubled class becomes after her assignment by the educational administration."
1847,2020,Egypt,2.35,11,"In the context of thrilling horror, the movie talks about the world of vampires, where the child Malik falls into a coma after suffering an accident in his father's car, which was accidentally caused by his brother, and Nader and Lamia, Malik's mother, tries to bring the child back to life."
1848,2002,Egypt,2.75,74,"Two friends from Upper Egypt decide to hold their wedding with their wives in one night, and on their way to the wedding, they hear gunfire and a police car chases them, and it turns out that they are actors, and the chases mix to find themselves in a confrontation with an international gang."
1849,2008,Egypt,2.8,256,"A satirical comedy film influenced by the famous (James Bond) movie series, its story revolves around a beautiful brunette girl (Dolly Shaheen), whose charisma draws the attention of a detective officer (Hani Ramzy) while investigating the case of (Raafat) her husband's murder, although he is inexperienced in such Kind of cases, except that he can solve the riddle of the case."
1850,2015,Egypt,2.65,31,"The cat (Amr Waked) hears the news of the kidnapping of a group of children in the area in which he lives, in order to obtain their vital organs and sell them on the black market, and as a result (the cat) kills one of the men of the teacher Fathi (Salah al-Hanafi), and the girl who remained Alive, after which he embarks on a long and frantic journey with a gypsy (Amr Farouk);"
1851,2018,Egypt,2.65,32,"The film traces the history of the boss in Egyptian cinema, in parallel with the story of Fajr, the famous seduction star, and the heroine of the first feature film by a young director, who rejects the Alboussa scene in the film, which causes the director's insanity and provokes the producer, so that everyone tries to reach common ground to complete the film and get out of the impasse."
1852,1959,Egypt,2.45,15,"The events of the movie revolve around a space flight whose goal is to reach the moon, where two people can go up to the rocket and launch it, and take it there, and after their arrival they meet on their journey an elderly man with whom his daughter lives, and little by little both the daughter and the world that was on the rocket are attracted to each other , And later try to return to Earth by helping the robot."
1853,1974,Egypt,2.35,12,"The film tells the story of a married doctor who is forced to fulfill the desires of his patient in order to ensure her health amid comedic scenes because his wife represents his sister in front of his patient, and she becomes jealous and becomes in front of her husband that she loves Blue, so her husband is almost crazy."
1854,1993,Egypt,2.55,21,"Colonel (Hazem), the warden of the women's prison, lives alone with his daughter after the death of his wife. He gets acquainted with (Rawya) the wealthy, beautiful woman who lives in a neighboring villa, and their relationship is strengthened and she takes care of his daughter. She tells him that she is unhappy in her marital life with her husband (Darwish). She and her husband are arrested. She is imprisoned for drug possession, and Colonel (Hazem) treats her very roughly."
1855,1977,Egypt,2.25,10,"Love combines Karima and Mohsen, but son Tariq stands a barrier between them because he wants his mother to be his alone and not to anyone else. Karima agrees with Mohsen to marry, the mother tries to get her son out of this situation by pushing him to marry Madiha He fails to fulfill his duties as a husband. His mother tries to help her son by taking the advice of a doctor to push her son to establish a relationship with a prostitute girl to motivate him to carry out his marital duties."
1856,1953,Egypt,2.3,11,"After the death of the girl's father (Habayeb), she discovers that he left a great fortune and hid it in his house in the desert, and he has prepared a map for the location of the treasure, so Habayeb tries to search for wealth with her assistant (Ahmed), but her uncle (Chedid) is chasing her in anticipation of wealth, so a surprise change Course of events."
1857,1974,Egypt,2.1,8,"Hassan Patriza, a dancer, is a fan of one of the Polish groups visiting Egypt and falls in love with him. Promising to get him a scholarship in Warsaw, Hassan objects to his father's desire to marry his cousin, Nahid, who loves her neighbor Mahmoud."
1858,2017,Egypt,2.75,85,"The film is set in a comic framework that deals with the story of two brothers trying to search for a job opportunity, and during their search journey they face many comedic situations when they work in professions that they do not know anything about."
1859,1975,Egypt,2.45,16,"Magdy is from an average family, his father dreams of becoming a doctor, and Magdy actually enters the medical school and gets to know Souad Hanim, his wife, Dr. Ahmed Fikri, a professor at the university, gets close to him, falls in love with him and loves her too, then dies in an accident and gets to know his colleague Samira, who helps him in studying and draws closer to her and loves her and then leaves him Because of her circumstances and she marries one of the college doctors."
1860,2007,Egypt,2.8,351,"In one of the residential slums, Nahid escapes from the harassment of her stepfather, to become a victim of ugly rape, and then turns into a dancer, while her child lives in the street among the landfills."
1861,1971,Egypt,2.5,19,"Four female friends each suffer from a problem, one of them suffers from theft disease, the other suffers from the complex of aspiration and love of fame, and two suffer from emotional deprivation: the first is a fashion designer and the second is a model, and at the same time they feel hatred towards men, and girls fall into the grip of three young men who are the other in A hate state with oneself."
1862,1996,Egypt,2.35,13,"Sayed Al-Hawa decides to repent of stealing the safes, but Officer Hammam does not leave him alone and persecutes him until he is about to take revenge on him, but he decides to travel abroad and return again with a new identity."
1863,1957,Egypt,2.35,13,"The events of the film revolve around a group of unemployed girls, who are looking for any opportunity, and then they apply to the Public Transport Authority to work as marshals, but what these girls ask for is not easy in a world dominated by men, but their request is approved; They find themselves on a journey of agony with unaccustomed passengers to the idea, and at the same time a love story arises between the tacklers and their co-workers."
1864,1974,Egypt,2.2,10,"Farid is a student at the College of Veterinary Medicine, who has a love story with Samira, his cousin, and there are three girls trying to obtain a marriage contract to secure a job outside Egypt, and they only find Farid. Farid marries the four, among them the owner of the nightclub, under the insistence of his financial circumstances."
1865,2012,Egypt,1.75,6,"The events revolve around the girl Houria (Sama Al-Masry), whose aunt's husband (Fayek Azab) tries to assault her, so she is forced to flee the house, and resort to her friend who helps her to enroll in a newspaper, and works as a journalist under the supervision of journalist Akram Shaker (Reda Idris), who tries to force her to Practicing vice with the help of the editor-in-chief (Marwan), she refuses, but (Akram) tells her that her signature on the work contract in the fake newspaper is nothing but the signature of a common-law marriage contract from him, so she finds herself forced to work as a dancer in a nightclub, and with the succession of events she discovers (a nymph) a gang"
1866,1979,Egypt,2.1,9,"Hussein is located in the way of the widow Samia, it becomes clear that he resembles her husband Hosni to the greatest extent, and she is attached to him, as for Hussein, in her he finds youth and wealth, and they get married, and he gets to know Kawthar, who is following him everywhere, as she is the only friend of them, while the gang watches the place Hussein was kidnapped, thinking that he was Hosni, their elder leader, while Kawthar realized that, which was in a special relationship with Hosni."
1867,2014,Egypt,2.65,40,"From the heart of Dahab Island, whose residents have nothing but poverty, a drug dealer with power and money grows up, after poverty was his companion. The film tells the story of two intertwined and intertwined characters: Ahlam (Dora) and Nadia (Mai Selim)."
1868,1994,Egypt,2.5,21,"Hisham, Mukhtar, and Medhat have been associated for many years, insisting on failing on purpose so as not to face life, and when they finally succeed, the three of them must make the most difficult decisions in their lives."
1869,1975,Egypt,2.5,21,"Hamida, the daughter of the teacher Farghali, succeeds in high school and wants to enroll in the Faculty of Commerce, but her father, the owner of the furniture store, refuses, but with his help, Dr. Hassan, who is still in his last year in medical school and loves her and loves her, can enter the university and study without her father's knowledge, and defraud him by claiming that she is a transgender To a man."
1870,1985,Egypt,2.55,25,"Massad suffers from a constant sneezing, and the doctor tells him that he will die after a few months, and Murad, the director general of the company, appoints him as a storekeeper after knowing that his days are numbered, and the manager continues to misappropriate the company's money, taking advantage of Massad's case, and Massad marries his colleague Mohawda, who is a girl with many relationships with her colleagues and spent on her He lavished on the money that he embezzled, and he continued to waste until the stores were inventoried and he was charged with embezzlement."
1871,2013,Egypt,2.7,58,"The film depicts the life of a mentally handicapped man, as his mind does not exceed the mind of a seven-year-old child, although his body seems to everyone to be mature, but whoever approaches him discovers the exact opposite, events get complicated back and forth in an atmosphere not without comedy and fun, to reveal We have many human aspects to this man and to everyone around him."
1872,1983,Egypt,2.4,16,"(Awni) works in a company in a job that does not match his academic qualifications obtained from the Institute of Music. Abu (Awni) feels that his son has lost the way, the father works for a businessman, asks (Awni) to give a music lesson to his daughter (Nihad), and forms a band with His friend (Samir) and his fiancée (Nana) and his student (Nahid) perform in nightclubs, and they try to get a long leave to work in Alexandria, and (Samir) suggests to him that a dog bite them so that they can take sick leave."
1873,2000,Egypt,2.05,9,
1874,1993,Egypt,2.05,9,"(Khaled Zaidan) is a well-known lawyer who must verify his client's innocence before defending him. His daughter (Majida) works in a law firm and contradicts her father's vision, and his daughter (Nawal) is a doctor in the hospital owned by the businessman and smuggler (Farouk Shukry). (Farouk) is in legal trouble and tries to authorize (Khaled) and his daughter (Magda)."
1875,1980,Egypt,2.5,22,"Laila categorically refuses to marry any man with previous women's experiences, and the father sends her problem after a long confusion to one of the newspapers in which a journalist named Ahmed oversees the issue, and his friend decides to marry her as he wants to settle down after a life full of female relationships, and Laila admires him and they get engaged However, she discovers his past relationships."
1876,2016,Egypt,2.4,17,"The events of the film revolve in a social comic framework about ongoing problems between two spouses, where lawyer Amal (Dora) is exposed to many comic situations with her husband, a veterinarian called Tawfiq (Sherif Salama), including her continuing to work while she is in the last months of pregnancy, which exposes her to feeling Birth pains during one of the pleadings."
1877,1977,Egypt,1.8,7,"Fathia runs a small restaurant for miners and helps her daughter, who has nothing in front of her but her mother and her lover, teacher Saadoun, goes to the town, Majdi, a young man coming from the capital to work as an observer of the mine, and he discovers the town and the injustice inflicted on it and its members, and begins his work with the mine, and knows that Saadoun is well versed in the work Many in the astrologer, but he directly benefits from it."
1878,1980,Egypt,2.1,10,"Mahmoud Ibn Jaber, the owner of a factory, abandons Hind, the daughter of Jumah, the chief worker of the factory, after he promises her to marry. A crime to get rid of it."
1879,2014,Egypt,2.15,11,"The film revolves around a social context, where it talks about four girls who represent different models of Egyptian society, each of whom has her own personal story, love story, connection, work, daily problems and frustrations that she faces, and the girls work in a (5-star disco), and this does not necessarily mean that they live a loose life, Rather, they live a normal life in their middle, simple families, and this work provides them and their simple families with their basic needs."
1880,1978,Egypt,2.15,11,"(Zakia) works as a simple farmer in the lands of the pasha (Medhat). As a granddaughter, one of the servants takes the child and claims to (Zakia) that her daughter died, so she leaves the village and goes to Cairo and sings professionally, and changes her name to (Munira al-Mahdia)."
1881,1997,Egypt,2,9,"Poor friends Hisham, Medhat and Mukhtar resort to all means to get rid of their poverty, and they end up in prison, and after they leave, lawyer Qarni informs Hisham that his wealthy late wife gave him up to him on the condition that it turn into a school for homeless children. Hesham requires three female teachers to work in the school, provided they are not younger than 60 years old."
1882,2015,Egypt,2.5,24,"After living for many years in the village of Al-Mazarita, Fazza (Hisham Ismail) decides after all the years that he must completely and completely change the course of his life, and in order to do so, he must go and move to the city of (Cairo) completely, as he does Many people from Upper Egypt find themselves facing a lifestyle that is radically different from what they knew before."
1883,1975,Egypt,2.5,24,"Shaaban is a photographer in a newspaper, and the dangerous criminal Napoleon agrees with him to take a number of pictures of competing with Ibrahim and his gang as they steal a company's treasury in exchange for an amount of money, which succeeds in his mission. Ibrahim bargains for half of the amount, and he agrees. Napoleon succeeds in knocking him down and torturing him to recover the money."
1884,1997,Egypt,2.4,19,"A corrupt minister sends his assistants to kill his mistress's husband, so that she appears as suicide, but the forensic doctor sees otherwise, and she is kidnapped in order to change the report. The sports teacher witnesses the kidnapping and seeks to save her despite the seriousness of the confrontation."
1885,2007,Egypt,2.75,136,"The events revolve around a young man who does not love children and he meets a girl and loves her, but he discovers that she is a widow and has a troublemaker son and girl, and his girlfriend asks him to travel with the two children to Upper Egypt, to implicate him in many problems, which leads him to miss the plane and train time, so he is forced to travel with them in his car, Which leads to the occurrence of many comic situations."
1886,2010,Egypt,2.75,138,"(Abdelradi) is forced to lie at the beginning of his life as a result of the difficult circumstances in which he lives and with the passage of time everyone believes his lie, and he cannot undo it, even he deluded the girl (Lamis) who seems to be rich, that he is from a large family and that he is rich, although he was working in the private sector And he was dismissed, and because he follows the current events, crises and conditions of the country, there was a surprise after which he became famous."
1887,1995,Egypt,2.15,12,"(Soheir Fadel) is a doctor of obstetrics and gynecology who is unable to conceive from her husband (Hazem Kharbash) Colonel of the Police Despite the passage of many years since their marriage, the doctor uses various modern methods to help herself conceive without success. He is able to have children and his wife is completely healthy. He lies to her to preserve their married life. Soheir goes to imposter without her husband's knowledge in order to help her conceive."
1888,2009,Egypt,2.75,143,"A curious introverted young man who lives alone with a voice ringing in his ears, telling him what he does and sometimes what will happen, so he turns to a psychiatrist to get him out of that situation, and he signals him to enter into an affair and the events follow."
1889,1991,Egypt,2.6,40,"Corruption is rampant in the company that Mahran chairs its board of directors and who uses his position to carry out embezzlement and looting with Zaki, the company's director. The workers discover this corruption and confront it, and Mahran and Zaki bribes the officials of the factory to declare that the dairy is corrupt."
1890,2017,Egypt,2.2,14,"In the form of comedy and suspense, three young men create fake personal accounts on the social networking site (Facebook), and the three of them get to know one girl, which happens in an endless series of comic paradoxes."
1891,2017,Egypt,2.15,13,"There is a group of people in a hotel, including a husband and wife, security men and hotel workers, where the wife discovers that her husband has a relationship with the girl in the nightclub in the hotel, which makes her weak and betray her husband with one of his friends, then the husband discovers her betrayal to him with his friend, so he seeks To take revenge on them."
1892,1973,Egypt,2.15,13,"Rico is a director for an Egyptian theater group. A message comes from a party promoter in Lebanon so that the group goes to Lebanon, and upon arrival there, the troupe is surprised that the undertaker has died, and the wife refuses to implement the contract concluded with the troupe. The group suffers from unemployment and is looking for a job opportunity. The band is in love with a wealthy young man trying to help the girl."
1893,2006,Egypt,2.75,162,"(May) is focused on people in association with his small gang, but one day he falls victim to his actions and is discovered by a person who orders his guards to beat him to teach him a lesson and from that painful moment (May) decides to repent, but the gang leader suggests to (Bebo) to steal his money in his locker Reserved in a hotel room."
1894,2018,Egypt,2.5,29,(Hani Ramzy) lives a simple life and works as a collector of bills and installments for electrical appliances. He falls into many comic ironies that he is exposed to while performing his work as a result of the high prices in Egypt.
1895,2017,Egypt,2,11,"The events revolve around the Rushdie Building in Alexandria, which revolves around a number of terrifying myths and tales, as it is rumored that it is haunted by spirits, and that anyone approaching it and trying to live in it finds himself in the street, and a sinister young man tries to prove the validity of these rumors about architecture."
1896,1996,Egypt,2.7,87,"Abbas, an interior designer who lives in Hurghada, has a problem with Ismat, the owner of the villa, whose decorations Ahmed finishes, and the problem ends with hitting Ismat Ahmed on his genitals, and he becomes impotent, then he decides to file a lawsuit against her, and Zahira Hanim, Asmat's mother, intervenes and convinces her to marry him."
1897,1999,Egypt,2.7,89,"An Egyptian businessman and his wife who holds American citizenship refuse to marry their son Adam from the girl Hanan he loves, and despite this the two young lovers insist on marriage against the will of the father and mother, which raises the ire of the mother who is trying to distance her son from his wife, even if the matter reaches her to ally with Hanan, the terrorist brother"
1898,2018,Egypt,2.2,15,"The film revolves around a film director who suffers a major financial crisis that turns his life upside down, and turns to drug trafficking."
1899,2017,Egypt,2.35,20,"The film follows the story of a drug dealer and his long journey in the world of drugs until he became one of the big dealers, and he has many enemies in the market, and a number of competing dealers decide to assemble to eliminate him, and the trader decides to escape from this trap that is set for him."
1900,1997,Egypt,2.35,20,"The beautiful (Zeenat) - whom everyone calls an apple for her beauty - works in the Ministry of Finance, and suffers from the bullying of (Qadriya) the manager - who suffers from childlessness despite her ninth marriage to (Fouad) -. Qadria proposes to (Hassan) Al-Fatatry as a husband (Zeenat) to divorce his wife to marry her (Fouad) nine months in order to give birth to a child who adopts her, so he divorces her at a time when (Janet) the Greek who lives in Egypt with an incurable disease seeks to marry (Hassan) so that he inherits her after her death. Many comic situations and surprises arise as a result of"
1901,2012,Egypt,2.5,31,The events of the film take place in an interesting framework about the crime of armed robbery by a group of criminals that ends in disaster.
1902,1995,Egypt,1.95,11,"Dr. Jumaa invents a special innovation based on making medicines from medicinal herbs, and his son Dr. Hussam is preparing to marry his colleague Hoda, but Hussam is surprised by his father's death and the stealing of his invention. He has an interest in stealing his father's invention."
1903,2011,Egypt,2.7,95,"A human drama that depicts the life of a senior woman named (Qamar) who has five children, and for her they are like the palm of her hand, so she always wants them intertwined and interconnected, after the death of their father and due to the difficult living conditions, the children are forced to travel to Cairo in order to earn their livelihood. But they go astray and separate."
1904,2018,Egypt,2.55,38,"The film revolves around a comedy about a person who lives in a popular neighborhood, and one day finds a book called (Get to me with it), talking about the presence of characters inside each individual, and when this person reads it, a number of characters emerge to control his life and his decisions."
1905,1996,Egypt,2.65,66,"Based on a true story, the widow, Suad Qassem, falls into the trap of Mahmoud Alwan, who deludes her that he works in a high position, marries him, and she and her daughter suffer from the ravages of cruel treatment and exploitation."
1906,2006,Saudi Arabia,2.4,25,"The film tells about the life of a Saudi family between liberation and traditions across its three generations. There is a grandfather who is far from puritanism, who competes with his grandchildren in their games, encourages his grandson to shoot a movie, and has a lightness of shadow and a sense of humor. As for the father, he is open-minded and believes in his daughter's right to education and work, and allows her a destiny A great deal of freedom. There is also a strict son who tends to isolation and wants to marry his sister to a friend of his who has extremist ideas. The girl works for a daily newspaper, and begins to prepare an investigation of a group of young people seeking to establish a theater group, and defend their right to that."
1907,2003,Egypt,2.7,104,"Houda and Jaafar are friends since childhood, who are led by life circumstances and developments to professionalize the swindle, and due to their extreme skill in defrauding innocent people .. Nassim Pasha, a well-known businessman, decides to seek help from them to facilitate his work, in addition to his secretary, had it not been for the first credit for facilitating his suspicious business."
1908,2016,Egypt,2.5,34,"Yahya works with his sons, Rifaat and Jalal, in the field of cooking food for occasions, and Rifaat is scheduled to marry soon to the daughter of his cousin on the father's side, but each of them in fact loves another person, as he loves Rifaat Shadia, who has just returned from the United Arab Emirates, and exchanges love with him but is afraid From the age difference and the class difference, Karima tries to find a way to express her love for Jalal during one of the rural weddings that Yahya and his children work for."
1909,1993,Egypt,1.95,12,"(Karawana) a beautiful girl who escapes from her aunt's husband's pursuit of her for trying to assault her more than once, and she turns to an abandoned villa to hide in it, only to discover that she is owned by the doctor (Timur) who suffers from depression as a result of the failure of his recent medical project, and Timur discovers that Karawana is sick with leukemia, To escalate events."
1910,1996,Egypt,2.3,21,"Instead of celebrating her doctorate in pharmacy, Nada is surprised that she is accused of killing her professor before revealing a dangerous secret to her, and indeed the police are chasing her to arrest her after escaping from the prison van that overturned during her deportation, and at that time she is trying to prove her innocence of killing her professor. Would you succeed in that?"
1911,1996,Egypt,1.85,11,"Saber works to take care of his disabled son and his sister who is a law student, and to provide the necessary money, he becomes a paid prisoner who serves criminals' punishments in return for money. Can it continue outside the circle of criminals?"
1912,2000,Egypt,2.6,54,"Tamer, an actor famous for violent and action films, decides to play realistic roles, nominates an officer to accompany him, learns from him his work style on the ground, and Tamer witnesses the real trouble of fighting crimes."
1913,2014,Egypt,2.6,57,"The movie, in the atmosphere of comedy, tells the story of a group of neighbors who have a handful of problems because of their children, to find themselves in a cycle of complications, and they discover in the end that they have to cooperate with each other in order to overcome these problems, will they succeed in that ?."
1914,2018,Egypt,1.95,13,"(Greetings) A young girl who works as a toilet worker, she has only one brother in life called (Saqr), and he is the one who relies on him for everything and represents all her dreams, but his departure from his sister and his planning to immigrate illegally to Italy leaves her confused, lonely and lost without hope in Fulfill what you want."
1915,2008,Egypt,2.65,78,"The film deals with the manifestations of corruption in the police apparatus, which is uncovered by a young police officer after his arrest of one of the largest drug traffickers, to discover that many of his superiors are involved in the case, and also to discover that his direct boss is personally involved in extensive money laundering operations for drug dealers."
1916,2019,Egypt,2.1,16,"In a romantic drama, the events revolve around a love story that brings together an advertising director and a fashion designer, but an unexpected event turns events upside down, which threatens this love."
1917,2015,Egypt,2.65,81,"Tateh Abdel Hafeez works as a security guard in a shopping mall, and is very attracted to Faten, who has a commercial library inside the mall, and wants to express his love to her, but he gets curse after he hits a cat with his car during his return home, and what makes matters worse is that this curse hit him Faten also goes on to lengthen after he gifted her the series that he found with the cat."
1918,2019,Egypt,1.75,11,"The events of the film take place in a social drama framework, dealing with the various Egyptian customs and traditions, and the mental, religious and human terror to which the Egyptian society is exposed, through a group of people whose lives converge in a cafe."
1919,1992,Egypt,2.15,19,"Noha is linked to a young diplomat and is preparing to marry him, but she is surprised that she is accused in a case of murdering jewelry, and the former police brigade father discovers that the main suspect in this case is not Noha, but rather her twin sister who thought she died while she was still alive and living in a gang that lives on theft The father arrives to her and works to put it back in his nose."
1920,2007,Egypt,2.7,143,"(Wael Al-Majik) leads a group of young people, and the film monitors the situations and events in which the group falls, as it discusses many issues and problems by focusing on the differences that exist between the rich and poor classes, and the impact of this on youth thinking and problems."
1921,2013,Egypt,2.75,351,"The film revolves around Raouf (Ahmed Helmy), where he works as an interior designer and director of a furniture exhibition, and he is extremely skeptical about dealing with those around him. (Rauf) falls into a coma and his soul remains stuck between heaven and earth, so he wants to know what his friends and family think about him."
1922,2019,Egypt,2.2,21,"The events revolve around three retired actors planning to present an artistic work on aliens, after they suddenly decide to return to acting again, what will the resonance that this work will have?"
1923,2017,Lebanon,2.55,53,"When a small coastal town of fishermen learns about the secret visit of the President of the Republic to its local soap shop, they embark in an everlasting struggle at cleaning up and maintaining the perfect image of their town."
1924,2014,Egypt,2.6,68,"A poor young man named (Salem) works as a street vendor, who takes responsibility for his sister after the death of their parents, as a result of this, his relatives and neighbors call him (Salem his sister) After the events of the January 25 revolution, his life turns into hell, especially after he gets into many problems due to thugs and police officers, and he tries to overcome them."
1925,2008,Egypt,2.55,56,"The beautiful wife (Sarah) discovers her husband's betrayal and leaves him, and turns to her friend (Dalia), who is also in a crisis with her friend (Akram), and Sarah enters new worlds in which she meets (Hisham), neighbor (Dalia) and the saxophone player, as well as (Abdul Latif) designer Fashion, will Sarah respond to her husband's betrayal?"
1926,2017,Egypt,1.85,14,"The film revolves around the scenes of excitement and suspense around the scenes of the cinema industry's conflicts, through a crime that occurs during the filming of a film to reveal the corruption of some producers and the illegal methods that are used to obtain film financing through the life of a famous producer called (Rasha Farid)."
1927,2012,Egypt,2.7,168,"The events of the film take place in a romantic comic context where the doctor Hazem (Ahmed El-Sakka), a gynecologist whose love is related to the interior designer Farida (Dora), and after their marriage, Hazem is surprised by his inability to have children, so he has to resort to the IVF procedure, so you will be able to fulfill their desire?"
1928,2016,Egypt,2.5,49,"The news of the opening of a new swimming pool near one of the popular areas becomes everyone's talk, especially with its allocation on Sundays for women only, which leads to the gathering of many women from different social backgrounds, where (Azza) dreams for a long time to wear a swimsuit, and she finds (Shamia) ) Who listens to her when she talks about her private life, and (Laila) tries to overcome her grief over her late son, while young men were spying on the women while they were in the pool."
1929,2012,Egypt,2.65,107,"(Nabila) is a practical and successful woman in her work, and one of the strongest rejecters of marriage, even she refuses to marry the love of her life (Khaled) so as not to be disrupted from her career, and when she boarded the plane on one of her flights, (Nabila) enters into a long dream that she has become married From (Khaled) and she had children with him, and that her life path was completely different from what she wanted."
1930,1994,Egypt,1.8,14,"(The whale) is a gold merchant who has the supreme word in the goldsmiths market in Cairo, and he has many female relationships despite his marriage to four. Fathia) who can help her, and finds her desired goal in one of the competitors of (the whale)."
1931,2016,Egypt,1.85,15,"A young man in his fourth decade is looking for a job to marry his girlfriend after long years of engagement, but every time he faces bad luck that enters him into a problem. A chauffeur for a member of parliament, he falls into many strange and comedic ironies."
1932,2001,Egypt,2.1,21,"The film revolves around a group of young people and the pressures surrounding them and what they face in order to achieve their dreams, where the young man (Abdo) is surprised by the appearance of three fairies trying to help him solve his problems."
1933,1992,Egypt,2.25,28,"Amal resides in Paris and works as a spy for Israel. She regrets and decides to repent, so she turns to the Egyptian ambassador to set an appointment with the Egyptian intelligence chief, whom she confesses to, and agrees with her to be a double agent, after she passes the lie detector, and asks her to travel to Tel Aviv to shoot a tape Dangerous by the types of weapons and the Israeli strategic plans in the event of a war with Egypt from the Ministry of Defense building."
1934,2014,Egypt,2,19,"The film revolves around two young men who graduate from university, and one of them dreams of building a factory. He resorted to kidnapping a child from a rich family and asks for a ransom to fulfill his dream, but he is exposed to financial hardship and kidnaps another child, and events escalate."
1935,2012,Egypt,2.7,207,"His servant (Muhammad Ramadan) is a thug who works in the drug trade after losing his parents. He uses his power as a weapon to impose royalties on the people of the neighborhood, while the girl of the warm Angham (Houria Farghali) is looking to marry him, and on the other side the dancer Rabia (Dina) falls in An illegitimate relationship with him, and so is his cousin Alia (Rehab Al-Jamal)."
1936,1975,Lebanon,1.9,17,"Professor Ayoub teaches music to a group of girls. Events turn around, and Professor Ayoub lives a bouquet of adventures that lead him to meet Tawfiq Bey and his lover, were it not for the attractive, as he falls in love with Mona, Tawfiq Bey's daughter."
1937,2018,Egypt,2.6,91,"(Mustafa) is a researcher in cancer and AIDS drugs, one of the international organizations realizes the seriousness of his scientific contribution, so it tries to kidnap him, so (Mustafa) is forced to flee and pretend he has lost his memory, and he lives in a dump of rubbish and junk, until the completion of the scientific research."
1938,2011,Egypt,2.6,91,"Tikka lives in a popular area and owns a store that sells toys. With the Egyptian revolution, he tries to bring together the region's youth to form a popular committee in an attempt to confront the thugs."
1939,1999,Egypt,2.2,27,"Hassan and Rabi` are two poor young men. Rabih achieves great success as a folk singer with the help of his friend Hassan, and Rabee` exchanges love with the rich girl Maysoon who owns the studio in which he records his songs, but he gets addicted to alcohol until he is transferred to the hospital on New Year's Eve, and Sayed, who organized several concerts in which Rabie sings, is implicated. That night, Hassan is proposed to replace Rabie."
1940,2019,Egypt,1.95,19,"The events revolve around a young man in a popular area, who works as an electrical engineer, who has an accident that causes him to be charged with electricity, to become a source of electrical energy for his home and the people of his area, and he falls in love with a girl after he shocked her with electricity, and due to the power outage crisis, officials try to exploit his ability to replace the electricity."
1941,2014,Egypt,2.65,133,"The movie revolves around a young girl (Yasmine Abdel Aziz) who suffers from her loneliness and lack of interest from young people, and is exposed to many problems and does not find anyone to help her, so she decides to search for a groom. After many attempts, she finds two young men confessing to her falling in love with her at the same time, and she takes advantage of that and does not leave either of them, which leads to a flare-up between the two young men to determine who will win her in the end."
1942,1997,Egypt,2.35,38,(Mustafa) was working in President Anwar Sadat's guard team at the time of his assassination. He became depressed because of his feelings of guilt. He became addicted to alcohol.
1943,2019,Egypt,2.7,249,The work revolves around a grandfather who stole a rare masterpiece of the late singer (Umm Kulthum) in his youth.
1944,2017,Egypt,1.9,19,"The events of the film revolve around Ayman, the casting director, who experiences multiple female relationships and lives his life freely and comfortably, and on the other hand Hazem lives in a state of monotony due to the nature of his work in a mobile company and the responsibilities of marriage and parenthood, and each of them looks at the condition of the other and is not satisfied with his condition, and their lives are intertwined by a superior experience Strangeness."
1945,2014,Egypt,1.9,19,"In a dramatic atmosphere, he tells the story of a girl named Manal, who lives in Dar Al-Salam in Cairo. After Manal obtains a commercial secondary qualification, she decides to seek a job in order to provide the money necessary for living."
1946,2015,Egypt,2.45,53,"Regatta (Amr Saad) works in several illegal activities with a businessman called Sari (Mahmoud Hamida), and one time (Regatta) gets in one of the operations a quarter of a million pounds, which qualifies him to travel with his mother to (Italy) with a forged passport, but Regatta's joy wears off with his discovery of the betrayal of Nasra (Rania Youssef), wife of his brother (Awad), by accident, which turns everything upside down, especially after the death of (Awad) accidentally after falling from the balcony of the house."
1947,1995,Egypt,2.3,36,"The events of the film revolve around the body trade in the Egyptian countryside, where there is sincerity, its unification, and the three girls of the same village with similar difficult circumstances. From him while she works, a maid in a place quickly leaves him."
1948,2013,Egypt,2.65,154,"In a comic context, the movie revolves around the curmudgeon Samir Abu El-Nile (Ahmed Makki) who lives in a popular neighborhood, and as a result of his extreme miserliness, many paradoxes and problems occur to him with the people of his area, and their hatred for him increases due to his mistreatment of them, and between overnight his cousin Hussein Abu becomes ill The Nile (Hussein al-Imam) decides to leave his fortune to Samir, who takes advantage of that and establishes a satellite channel in which he discusses his conditions and relations with his friends and the people of his region .. The events follow in a comic context after the establishment of a political party calling for him to the citizens."
1949,2002,Egypt,2.45,55,"Laila (Elham Shaheen) lives a carefree life with her husband Hussam (Yasser Jalal) in one of the coastal cities, but she was surprised by the return of her older sister Nemat (Nadia al-Jundi) to live with her after her financial conditions deteriorated, and at the same time Hussam tries to search after Naamat, especially After one of his best friends falls in love with her, a conflict unfolds inside the house."
1950,1998,Egypt,2.15,28,"Amal is raising her brother (Nasr) after the death of her father and husband in one of the Israeli raids on Suez during the setback. (Nasr) grows up and joins Egyptian intelligence and travels to Greece to obtain an important microfilm, but it disappears after being kidnapped, but he is able to hide the microfilm."
1951,2016,Egypt,2.6,107,"(Ramzi El-Desouki) A young man reckless about his women's relations, whose boss decides to introduce him to his daughter (Laila Murad) in order to marry her to him and get rid of her endless problems, and with their meeting, an unknown man leaves a bag full of money on their table, which enters them in an endless chain From chases and comedic adventures with the bag owner."
1952,2014,Egypt,1.75,17,"The film revolves around (Sayed Shattaf), a healthy plumber who loves (a duck), and is exposed to many comedic situations during the events until he is exposed to a situation that turns his life upside down."
1953,1997,Egypt,2.35,42,(Hassan al-Loul) is a poor young man who smuggled watches and small goods in the cushions of his car. (Hassan) meets the honest Saidi customs inspector who refuses to bribe (Mustafa Al-Arabi).
1954,1999,Egypt,1.6,15,"The film presents an aspect of the life of the planet of the East, the actress Umm Kulthum since 1944, shedding light on her unfinished emotional relationships, such as her relationship with the uncle of King Sharif Sabri, who was aborted by a decision of the king, and the poet Ahmed Rami, who was one-sided love, then her relationship with the 1952 revolution and their support , And its role after the defeat of 1967 and what it provided to the country at that time."
1955,2013,Egypt,1.95,22,The events revolve around a poor girl (Ola Ghanem) who grew up in a simple popular neighborhood. On him except that he disavows his promise to her;
1956,2007,Egypt,2.6,115,"Soha works as a painter with the police. She moves to another residential resort with an orphanage she goes to to teach the girls to draw and falls in love with (Fred) the mysterious decorator. Farid), and the victim accuses him when he is among the perpetrators. Did he commit the crime or not?"
1957,2002,Egypt,1.45,14,"Khaled Fida'i, a Palestinian, seeks a practical and radical solution to the Palestinian issue."
1958,2011,Egypt,2.15,31,"The events of the movie revolve around a group of friends who decide to go on a safari trip to spend their summer vacation in one of the mountainous areas, and discover that a television channel filming people in this area, broadcasting the filming on the air, and this group is exposed to many situations that they do not know if it was planned by the TV channel to make The show that you broadcast on the air is more exciting, or are they just natural situations?"
1959,2008,Egypt,2.55,93,"A father feels weak in his life and sees this in the eyes of his son, and tries to prove to him his courage and love for him. And his son that the events are on the television program."
1960,1997,Egypt,2,25,"(Ghazal) is a girl whose conditions are very harsh. She works as a maid for (Khalifa) who works with his wife (Naima) as a worker in a textile factory. Ezzal enters into sinful relationships with five men in a row, the first of which is Khalifa, who marries her by custom, then her forbidden relationships and marriages continue, so we can see what this will lead to her in the end."
1961,2013,Egypt,2.1,29,"The film takes place in a social context where a girl flees from Upper Egypt to work in Cairo. There, she faces problems and obstacles that she tries to keep up with and overcome, but circumstances force her to abandon me from her eastern customs and traditions, especially the traditions of her village."
1962,1997,Egypt,1.7,18,"Naama Abdul Ghaffar is a married woman and works as a simple employee in a company, lives her life in a boring routine in addition to work pressure. She meets a wealthy man who wants to buy the house through her husband Bassiouni. A pregnant woman leaves her and abandons her, and she discovers that he took the common-law marriage contract with him, and she decides to take revenge."
1963,2016,Egypt,2.05,27,"The events take place in a comic framework about a young man named Ali Al-Marakbi (Ahmed Salah Al-Saadani), who discovers the will of his grandfather, who dates back to the Pharaonic era, under the title (Five Fives Five)."
1964,2009,Egypt,2.6,128,"A group of friends gathered together in a coastal village that depends on fishing. Poverty forces them to carry out some petty thefts until they become involved in a murder. The corrupt police officer uses them to carry out his interests in that village, and events escalate."
1965,2019,Egypt,2.35,48,"The events take place in a comic framework inside a popular neighborhood, where (Rida), a simple young man who works as a mechanic in a workshop, falls in love with one of the girls, who is (Nour). But this causes him to enter many situations as a result of the paradoxes that happen to him."
1966,2018,Egypt,2.1,30,"The events of the film revolve around Hamed (Bayoumi Fouad), who returns to his homeland from the State of Kuwait, where he lived for fifteen years, and who meets his friends from university days, and talks with them about situations and jokes in an atmosphere of comedy and excitement."
1967,2005,Egypt,2.65,201,"The events of the film revolve around the downtown world full of stories and many social relationships, through two girls, one of whom works as a hairdresser and the other is a saleswoman in a clothing store, and they are exposed to a number of situations and paradoxes in their lives until they meet true love."
1968,1975,Egypt,1.85,22,"Mishmash is going through financial hardship after his uncle, the Ruby, seizes his wealth after his father's death and is chased by creditors."
1969,2012,Egypt,2.6,136,"A folk dancer (Qamar) lives in a building that includes a group of families, and upon the arrival of the new population, husbands flock to her, including the tax authority employee Fawzi (Karim Mahmoud Abdel Aziz), the Arabic language teacher (Muhammad Ramadan), and the singer (Saad Al Sagheer). Wives try to keep their husbands in the form of comedic events."
1970,1998,Egypt,1.7,19,"Three friends decide to team up with a fourth friend to have a business of their own, and together they decide to open a pizzeria."
1971,2001,Egypt,1.4,15,"Three young men and three girls, who have some emotional relationships, including those from a rich or middle family, and one of them is rural. They all participate in opening a fast food restaurant with a loan from the bank, and without justification, the police arrest them, release them with their parents' guarantees, and a dancer appears in their lives with her window on one of them."
1972,2010,Egypt,2.15,34,"A girl from Alexandria decides to travel with her friend to Cairo after they had a dream of fame and work in the artistic community, and after they passed through financial hardship and difficult circumstances, one of them decides to return to Alexandria, while the other works as a dancer."
1973,2008,Egypt,1.55,17,"A young man and a girl are looking for a job opportunity for a decent life, but their dreams and hopes are shattered on the rock of unemployment and they are forced to work in a garage for cars and some of them are street vendors to play children on the sidewalks until they meet the son of the neighborhood who works in a tourist village in Sharm el-Sheikh and they work with him and yet they do not achieve their dreams."
1974,2018,Egypt,2.65,220,"Muftah and his sister, a duo who specializes in monument, Muftah discovers the presence of a precious gem called the cochineal catfish in the house of the Alkoysin family."
1975,1995,Egypt,2.15,35,"King Farouk finds himself compliant with the British orders to appoint Mustafa al-Nahhas as head of the ministry, and during his trip to the storytellers, he suffers a collision, and gets to know the doctor Youssef Rashad and his wife Noha, admires the woman, and joins her to work in the palace as his mistress, trying to forbid the rise socially through the weakness of the king's personality Especially after the husband is assigned to form the Iron Guard, through which both the reckless officer Mustafa Kamal and the officer Anwar Sadat are discovered."
1976,2017,Egypt,2.4,61,"(Hani), a plastic surgeon, and (Bebo) the jihadist who recently joined an extremist Islamic group, and (Samir) the drug dealer on a trip to Lebanon, and the methods of the three of them converge together, and unintentionally they all end up in the grip of the extremist group that (Bebo) joined. And the three of them are trying to find a way to escape from the grip of its leader (Abu Imad)."
1977,2011,Egypt,1.75,21,"University student Walid dreams of joining the Academy of Arts, but his father, who works in the diplomatic corps, insists on his travel abroad to complete his studies in the field of politics and economics, so dreams conflict with his father's insistence, so Walid resorts to the exploitation of the Dunya maid who works in their home in his graduation project at the Academy."
1978,2005,Egypt,2.65,230,"Youssef is a young engineer who is married and has a six-year-old son. He knows that he suffers from leukemia. He refuses to be honest with his young family and goes for treatment alone. There he meets a beautiful, elegant and famous ballerina who suffers from the same disease."
1979,2008,Egypt,2.1,33,"The film examines the lives of four expatriate students who gather one room in the university city, then one apartment after graduating from the university from the media department, their move to work in the field of journalism, and what happened during all these stages to their personal and professional lives alike."
1980,2012,Egypt,1.6,19,"The movie takes place in a bar, where it is exposed to the stories of four girls and the problems they are exposed to and the differences that arise between them as a result of the difference in their personality, way of thinking, and vision of life from the other and the control of one person in the lives of these girls."
1981,1973,Lebanon,2.05,32,"Anwar worked as a journalist and then a war reporter to see a lot of corruption, especially in political systems, and he decides to work as a thief and smuggler, and in one of his missions he goes to Kuwait to meet his first girlfriend, Soraya, who is married to a businessman, before her husband is killed in mysterious circumstances and events escalate."
1982,2017,Egypt,2.2,41,"The events of the film take place within the framework of a social drama, where businessman Radwan El-Gammal (Khaled El-Sawy) suffers from a psychological disorder, making him vulnerable to any nervous breakdown. But his life encounters many situations that change its course."
1983,2002,Egypt,2.35,59,"Suspicious foreign parties are trying to assassinate a young Egyptian scientist who discovered an important treatment. The security forces hide the news of his injury, and find a match for him to reside in his home and associate with the world's family so that he can find the disc that contains the secret of discovery."
1984,2013,Egypt,1.6,20,"The story of the movie revolves around a young man named Mutab (Ashraf Moslehi) and a girl named Shadia (Alia Al-Kabyali), who meet by chance at a popular moulid and take him as a refuge for them from life's clashes and face the conditions of life together, after they fall in love with each other, hoping that they will find something together. He was deprived of safety, stability and love throughout their lives."
1985,2014,Egypt,2.4,69,"The events of the film revolve around Saad, who works (Nbatshi) at wedding parties, and he is the person who introduces singers and performances on stage at popular wedding parties. This young man is looking for an opportunity to realize himself and his dreams, to get out of the environment in which he and his mother live and marry the one he loves, but he faces many problems in order to achieve this."
1986,2005,Egypt,2.65,286,The movie revolves around a married couple who are divorced due to a misunderstanding between them. The husband tries to reconcile with his wife in various ways by contacting his old colleagues during university.
1987,2000,Egypt,2.55,139,"Bakhit receives an invitation from his cousin (Nawfal) to visit him in America, (Bakhit) and (Adela) travel in order to search for wealth. In order to obtain residency, and to receive huge compensation after a car accident."
1988,2014,Egypt,1.85,28,"The film deals with the festivals songs that have spread in recent years, through the story of two singers of these songs (Alaa Fifty and Sadat), who live in one of the popular areas and find themselves facing many challenges in order to prove themselves in the world of mahraganat music industry."
1989,2017,Egypt,1.7,24,"The film revolves around the character of Halimo, embodied by the artist (Talaat Zakaria), who works as a lifeguard on the beaches of Alexandria, but he does not know how to swim, and from here many comedic situations arise."
1990,2017,Egypt,1.9,30,"The events of the film revolve around a psychologically complicated man named (Amer), who divorces his wife 3 times, due to the many problems that occur between them."
1991,1999,Egypt,1.35,18,"Egyptian intelligence uses the aviation engineer Akram to study and learn the secrets of the Kafir plane, and Major General Yahya Iham Akram tries that he will go to France to repair the Concorde plane, but instead Akram finds himself at Tel Aviv airport, and tries to convince them at the airport that he arrived by mistake from Rome, except that the intelligence The Israeli considers him an easy prey and tries to recruit him after severely torturing him."
1992,2015,Egypt,1.8,27,"The events revolve around Heidi, who carries out illegal acts, and traps three young people from the popular class and implicates them in her work and exploits them, namely (Youssef Fatuta, Nader Al-Matar, and Shaaban), so will you be able to deceive them to the end? Will they be deceived by everything Heidi does?"
1993,2004,Egypt,2.65,360,"Hassan Hantira, Haima and Abdu, three friends from Alexandria who sing at popular celebrations, are accused of being involved in a murder, and they are trying to prove his innocence so that he can marry his fiancée."
1994,2017,Egypt,2.55,148,"In a form of comedy and irony, the grandson of (Antar al-Absi) enters into a bitter struggle with (The Lion of Men), and tries to overcome him with all his strength in order to win the heart of the most beautiful girl in the tribe, so will he be as competitive? Will he succeed in winning her heart?"
1995,2019,Egypt,1.75,26,"In the form of excitement and suspense, the film tells the story of a captain who roams the seas by virtue of the nature of his work. Will he submit to them in order to save his daughter, or will he do what he is required to do?"
1996,1988,Egypt,1.85,29,"A strong friendship forced Laila to choose one way, which is to return to prison, but this time without her friend Zainab, after the two prisoners, Laila and Zainab, managed to escape during their deportation. They get to know Salah, who finds out about them and decides to report them to the police, but he falls in love with Zainab and tries to seduce her."
1997,2006,Egypt,2.55,160,"Saber dreams that his son Youssef will enroll in the Police College, but the Police College did not accept Yusef because of his excess obesity, and Saber is in a big problem because he borrowed money from the people of the region, so Youssef pretends that he was accepted into the college and wears the suit of a student at the Police College and travels to his mother, and on the bus his bag is changed with the criminal's bag Nakhnoukh, which contains the head of a dead man."
1998,2015,Egypt,1.85,31,"The film is exposed to a number of characters who live on the margins of society after the January 25 revolution in one of the popular areas, including a microbus driver struggling to live in difficult conditions (Basem Samra), and an opportunistic girl trying to overcome her poverty (Enas Ezz El-Din), and to get up Anything that leads her to her goal."
1999,2015,Egypt,2.25,59,"In the context of romantic comedy, and dealing with many social issues, the film revolves around a young man who works in the field of photography, but his biggest problem is that he has many female relationships, and he gets involved in many problems with four girls in his search for the ideal dream girl who is suitable for his life partner"
2000,2016,Egypt,2.4,88,"(Plague) has been thinking for a long time about carrying out an operation aimed at seizing the jewelry of the Emirati artist (Ahlam), and for this purpose he forms a team to assist him in carrying out this operation, and he recruits his fiancée and her brother with the team, and they all go to Sharm El-Sheikh for implementation, but they are not alone, They were pursued by Captain (Safaa Sherine Esmat), who caused (Plague) to stop him from working in the police service."
2001,2011,Egypt,2.1,45,"A dancer decides to switch from dancing in a folklore troupe to dancing in one of the Haram Street amusement parks, and 3 men fight over her, the first of her free, the officer who customarily married her after she loved him, divorces her, the second is called the minister of the henna and works in Haram Street, and the third works as a drummer and he helps her to transform From folk art to belly dance."
2002,2012,Egypt,2.15,50,"The story of the film revolves around a careless young man who squanders his father's wealth that he left for him after his death, so his mother decides to marry him, and begins her search for a bride for him, but he tries to spoil his mother's plan by refusing every bride that nominates him, until he falls in love with a simple rural girl who begins to fix it"
2003,2013,Egypt,2.25,61,"It is set in a dramatic context; Where a child gets lost from his family, and one of the shelter employees adopts him and raises him until he becomes a young man, and if he is accused in a murder case, he tries to escape until he is proven innocent, and his life is turned upside down, then he meets the popular dancer (Houria Farghali) who helps him in the escape, and he gets to know"
2004,2016,Egypt,2.1,46,"The events of the film revolve around seven female characters who are linked by deep friendship and who are united by life in one pension, and they represent different types of women in society, and most of their meetings revolve around discussing their problems, as well as their constant search for joy from their point of view in a society dominated by men in all aspects"
2005,2006,Egypt,2.45,112,"(Nahed) is a waiter in a restaurant from a middle-class family, and after the divorce she is exposed to many troubles, and tries to overcome her loneliness by searching for a new love story, while her co-worker (Salma) is the other looking for love, and feels hidden emotions towards (Hassouna), assistant director. Who got an opportunity to direct a video clip, so he uses (Salma) to perform the tournament."
2006,2012,Egypt,2.25,63,"In a comedic drama, the young man (Edward) dreams of fame and believes that he has a great artistic talent, which makes him imagine his meeting with the artist (Abdel Halim Hafez) every night inviting him to participate in the acting, at the same time his mother (Fifi Abdo) believes in his talent and tries to help him in that, And seeking to fulfill his dream."
2007,2016,Egypt,2.4,95,"The film revolves around a comic about the lawyer (Asim Sinjari), who is exposed to a train accident, then turns into another person (Hanko), and pleads in cases for a number of ministers accused of corruption cases."
2008,2008,Egypt,2.45,114,"The events of the film take place in the form of a comic about a student who comes from the countryside to enroll in university in Cairo, and there he meets his colleague and falls in love with her, so where will this love story go?"
2009,2015,Egypt,2,41,"Within eight hours in the downtown area of Cairo, reviewing a number of different personalities present in this area, including a wealthy woman trying to obtain a baby at any cost, a man planning a serious terrorist operation, and a beggar who suffers from her inability to spend on her child, and a shop owner Clothes trying to satisfy its customers in various ways."
2010,2018,Egypt,2.35,83,"The story of the film revolves around the escape of a group of prisoners through a secret underground tunnel, and then they are surprised that they are inside a model school, to decide to stay in it until further notice, in light of resistance from the abla."
2011,2003,Egypt,2.15,53,"Hassan, Dalia and Majed are researchers in the archeology of Salah Mahran, and upon their discovery of the mummy of Ramses IV, Hassan covets it, especially after the presentation of the sick rich Turkish who believes that his only treatment lies inside the mummy, in his eyes he has the elixir of youth, health and sexuality, and assigns an international gang to steal the mummy from Egypt."
2012,2000,Egypt,2.15,53,"Khaled (Mustafa Qamar) is a shy and simple young man who plays the piano and sings in nightclubs. He lives with his wealthy friends Hassan (Hani Ramzi) and Hisham (Tariq Lotfi), the owner of female relations. Coincidentally Khaled and Hassan gather with Rania (Mona Zaki) and Wafa (Hanan Turk), Rania's cousin, who came to stay with her. Khaled loves Rania and loves Hassan Wafa, then finds out that Rania loves Hisham his friend and is tied to him while she loves Wafa Khaled, and the events follow in a romantic atmosphere between"
2013,2001,Egypt,2.25,65,"(Malak) is one of the successful stars in the field of singing, she lives with her aristocratic mother and daughter (Paula) in an elegant villa after her divorce. Malak neglects her art because of this relationship, (Paula) tries to expose (Lamei) in cooperation with (Nasser) the son of the driver, with whom she is linked with a love story, and with (Ezz El Din) the director who is infatuated with love (Malak), will their plan succeed?"
2014,2008,Egypt,2.55,201,"Ramez falls in love with the breeze of the obese girl, and because Ramez is under the influence of hypnosis, he sees a breath of top beauty and grace, and with the demise of hypnosis he is surprised and shocked by Ramez's true soul, so he has to choose between true love and external beauty."
2015,1999,Egypt,1.85,35,"After years of his son's martyrdom at the hands of the Israelis, the father decides with his wife and second son to travel to Taba, and the son saves the life of a girl who later turns out to be Israeli, and she tries to recruit him."
2016,2009,Egypt,2.2,60,"The events of the film revolve around the mold of suspense and excitement about the wife of a famous singer who dies with her driver, and through research and investigation of a case, the murder explodes many things."
2017,2007,Egypt,2.55,212,"Nanaa (Ahmed Adam) is a blind music teacher, who lives in a house he inherited from his mother with his stepfather (Saeed Tarabeek) and his new wife (Maysara). a nurse."
2018,2007,Egypt,2.55,212,"A playboy lives with his uncle after the death of his father, relying on his billionaire uncle's money, until his uncle decides to leave him to support himself, causing him to fall into many problems and comedic paradoxes."
2019,1993,Egypt,2.15,56,"During the year 1968 in Heliopolis, a group of school students live a life of fun and pleasure, and they get to know a young boxer named Adham, who changes the perspective of their lives in many ways, and Adham falls in love with the prostitute Aisha, and decides to marry her, but his rich father stands A stumbling block in front of this marriage, and he tries to distance them from each other."
2020,2008,Egypt,2.5,159,"Rami lives a careless and shameless life, but the suffocating economic conditions, the exaggerated rise in prices and the successive crises made him transform into another human being, whose actions and decisions are characterized by seriousness and he becomes more enthusiastic in addressing the problems facing the homeland and participates with remarkable effectiveness in daily life concerns."
2021,2015,Egypt,2.2,62,"A real estate employee named (Moataz Abdel Rahman) loves a wealthy girl who goes to the office called (Nada), but he suffers from a strange, rare case that makes him not remember anything about what happened on Tuesday every week, and that causes the theft of the real estate registry office in which he works And he falls into several difficult crises, so his sweetheart and colleague (Saraj) tries to help him."
2022,2007,Egypt,2.4,106,"Yusef Al-Omari is one of the most important paparazzi photographers in Europe and he is residing in Turkey. He used to photograph a number of pictures of interviews with important figures for people he did not know directly. Dangerous must go to Sheikh Suleiman, Palestine."
2023,2003,Egypt,2.4,107,"(Syed) a barber who lives in the Shubra neighborhood with a friend of his age (Atef). (Syed) decides to propose to his lover (Aida), while (Atef) finds in (Mary) a picture of his dream girl, and the two suitors find an apartment in Shubra at a reasonable price, in the same The time when (Sayed) and his fiancée agree with the owner of the same apartment to buy it without their knowledge of the agreement between (Atef) and the owner of the apartment."
2024,2012,Egypt,2.1,53,"As part of a teaser, the film revolves around an advertising agency manager accused of involvement in a murder."
2025,2000,Egypt,1.9,40,"The story revolves around (Souad), who tries to kill her husband, the businessman, in various and varied ways, due to her failure in marital life with him, and due to her emotional relationship with (Kamal), who also complains about his wife, the doctor (Anahid), and on the other hand a man cannot stand His wife who deceives him and wishes to be completely saved from him, and through the charlatan who circulates in the streets of (Cairo) and his wife, and practices sorcery with the computer, proposes that the businessman's husband fall in love with the psychiatrist (Anahid), and achieve this emotional conspiracy to end the crisis of both parties"
2026,2012,Egypt,2.05,51,"Shadia, forced to agree to marry a drug dealer, begins her life downhill after her husband is arrested. Dawlat falls in the path of delinquency."
2027,2006,Egypt,2.4,119,"(Salma) is a famous TV presenter, who causes the death of a girl who took her boyfriend (Tariq) during the celebration of her birthday, and after 7 years has passed, a handsome psychiatrist named (Khaled) appears in the life of (Salma) and the meetings between them multiply until the relationship develops into a love story, Suddenly she discovers that this young man is the brother of the girl who caused her death."
2028,2006,Egypt,2.55,263,"In a comic framework, the events of the film revolve around (chick) Al-Saidi, whose great aunt tries to force him to submit himself to killing to redeem his family, but he escapes and is kidnapped by a security agency to discover a great resemblance between him and (Youssef Khoury) the international terrorist in order to replace him in a dangerous operation, and quickly A time that the team prepares to become a copy of (Youssef Khoury) in the form and behavior and replace him in the terrorist operation in order to try to stop it, and the events of the film follow."
2029,2009,Egypt,2.4,122,"The story of the film revolves around the poor woman, Fouzia, who has a secret mixture for the sake of success in her life, and goes on to marry more than once and raises all of her children in her small house."
2030,2004,Egypt,2.55,270,"(Khaled) and (Ahmed) suffer from unemployment despite having a university education, and they decide to take refuge in the monument. They go to Hurghada to monument to elderly tourists. They meet two young girls and fall in love with them, and after watching the nature of life in this city they decide to stay away from Monument works and entry into a real tourism project."
2031,2008,Egypt,2.45,150,"In an abandoned hotel overlooking a beach located in a remote area, a series of mysterious murders begins. A group of friends and hotel workers are in a state of terror, when young men try to flee the place, they discover that their car is broken, as well as their mobile devices, and friends question each other."
2032,2017,Egypt,1.75,37,"The events of the film revolve around what is happening inside a terrorist camp, since youth are caught and persuaded to join the group and carry out terrorist operations, where these groups speak in the name of religion and they are the ones who protect it, all this in a comic framework that illustrates the reality of such groups and those responsible for them."
2033,2001,Egypt,1.55,31,"Sameh and Azouz are friends, the first becomes a famous actor, and the second, who stuck with him in the years of hardship, turns into a mere dress for Sameh, and Salma appears, the famous actress is followed by Sameh, but she cares about his dressed friend, and events escalate."
2034,2006,Egypt,2.55,292,"During a vacation, three friends with one of them's wife and the other's friend meet in front of a Ouja game to predict the future as a kind of amusement, the situation changes and the relationships and stored jealousy are revealed."
2035,2016,Egypt,2.3,98,"Saber Ali Al-Tamani (Muhammad Rajab) is a man skilled in dealing with technology and communications, so everyone calls him (Saber Google), and his ingenuity interferes with this in a whole world of shady and illegal deals with businessmen, and he flees to a European country after one of those conflicts But it doesn't end there."
2036,2001,Egypt,1.4,29,"The events of the film revolve around the arrival of an Arab singer to (Egypt) to revive an artistic evening. In the midst of this, the security authorities will reach critical information, stating that there are hidden parties planning to assassinate the singer with the aim of striking tourism in (Egypt), and to counter this threat, the bodyguard (Badr) will be assigned to guard a guest (Egypt) from any danger that threatens her safety, and soon"
2037,2003,Egypt,1.35,28,"The events of the work revolve around the famous dancer (Nahid Afifi) who suffers from a crisis related to her professional future, and tries to overcome it through her multiple relationships, until she meets the businessman Mustafa, whom she considers like any man she knew before, but which changes her life."
2038,2005,Egypt,2.4,148,"The movie revolves around the life of a married couple, where the wife works in the field of teaching, and the husband works in a bank, but due to the husband's strict treatment and implementation of his views, the wife decided to file a divorce lawsuit."
2039,2007,Egypt,2.45,186,"A psychiatrist returns from abroad to apply new theories in treatment, as he tries his methods with Reem, the wealthy girl who works as a translator but suffers from theft, and goes to Dr. Omar and a love story arises between them."
2040,2006,Egypt,2.35,129,"(Istiftah) and her husband (Jaabal) are thieves who earn their livelihood from theft, and during the process of stealing one of the villas, (Istiftah) is arrested, while her husband escapes, and a murder is fabricated for her, and she is sentenced to life imprisonment, and after her release from prison, she finds her husband has married a young woman A wealthy woman called Safi, and Jaabal tries to keep her away from his new life."
2041,2017,Egypt,2.45,199,"(Khaled Al-Degwi) joins the ranks of a terrorist group, and when his brother (Ahmed) tries to join this group, (Khaled) refuses that, and tries to prevent him, but he joins, and one day (Ahmed) is killed by a member of the group, and he goes crazy (Khaled Who seeks revenge against the group, which is the same moment when an arrest warrant is issued against (Khaled)."
2042,2009,Egypt,2.1,72,"Businessman Magdy goes to the victim of a mysterious car accident, and when the police begin to try to uncover the mystery of this accident, a mysterious killer appears trying to kill the heroine and her daughter, and these successive incidents are linked that make all the characters suspect."
2043,2003,Egypt,2,61,"(Shalabi) searches for an opportunity to work in the cinema, disguises himself as a beautiful girl (Hind Hariri), goes to a film production company, and tries to get his chance by seducing all the company employees, and reveals his truth, but he does not stop at this point, rather he is driven by imitation A big celebrity on different occasions which puts him in many problems."
2044,2007,Egypt,2.4,161,"(Sherif) is a special guard who performs his duty in guarding an Egyptian girl, and this girl falls into many problems due to this guard until he saves her from the death that attacks her by a terrorist group."
2045,2012,Egypt,2.4,162,"The film revolves around a young man who lives in slums and is famous for his (German), who is a danger recorder, and tries to reach the summit through illegal methods and bullying."
2046,2011,Egypt,1.9,54,"The fruit seller, Saeed Harakat, assigns a major national mission, after which he becomes a national hero, and on the other hand, Officer Rami Wahid undertakes the task of discovering a nuclear reactor in Israel and tries to search for data on that process."
2047,2002,Egypt,1.55,37,"(Nizar) is a penniless aristocratic young man who lives in the Zamalek neighborhood, who lives as a dependent of women. The missing is in Lebanon, but this missing son is wanted by the mafia gangsters."
2048,2013,Egypt,2.05,69,"Inside Muhammad Ali Street, the film is set in a social comedy framework; Where the taxi driver (Saad Al-Soghair) who dreams of fulfilling his only wish to become a famous popular singer, and finds himself in return touching on the lives of worlds and dancers and their problems;"
2049,2014,Egypt,1.9,56,"The movie revolves around a young man (Hamada Hilal), who works as a plastic surgeon, who gets into many problems because of his intense love for women, before he decides to undergo psychological treatment, and events follow until his psychiatrist (Mervat Amin) discovers that he has a relationship with her daughter (Iman Al-Assi), so she tries to stop the continuation of this relationship in all possible ways."
2050,2008,Egypt,1.8,50,"A young man hopes to enter the Faculty of Economics and Political Science to fulfill his dream of becoming a great politician, but he is prevented from that by his father's barber work, and he meets Bushra, who leaves her family for some family circumstances and lives with the barber's family, and a love story arises between them due to the similarity of their social conditions."
2051,2015,Egypt,2.55,505,"Sherif Kabil (Tamer Hosni), a doctor specializing in plastic surgery, gets to know through his sister (Najwa) a young woman named Basant and he admires her, but when he gets the opportunity to meet her single mother Rana (Ghada Adel) and be with her in the same place for a while His admiration for the mother increases, so he tries all the time to make her fall in love with him while he is with her in Hurghada at the invitation of the daughter."
2052,2016,Egypt,1.55,40,"Inside the prison, (Al-Ghazouli) helps (Adawi), (Sluka), (Atwa), (Mansi) and (Sayed Balconna) to escape from prison in order to carry out a 30-day mission, which is to restore the nightclub of (Shafika) Which she inherited from her late husband and quarrels about it with her husband's son, who tries to do anything to remove her from his path."
2053,2017,Egypt,2.2,103,"The film revolves around Al-Qarmouti's use of technology, as it shows its role in the events that happen, and how it changed people's lives, as well as the people's desire to blindly imitate everything they see in social media, and when (Al-Armouti) travels on vacation to the resort, an accident occurs that makes him fall captive. For the organization (ISIS), through which it clarifies the extent of their misunderstanding of religion, and the effect of ignorance on them and on those who follow them, and there is more than one scenario before it;"
2054,2001,Egypt,1.55,41,"(Barhuma) is a struggling young man, who has not been able to consummate his marriage with (Azza) for more than 20 years. Between (Zakia Zakaria) and his ex-girlfriend he brings her into his house, and the member works to nominate (Zakia) to the House of Representatives."
2055,2005,Egypt,2.4,204,"The events of the film revolve around an employee of an advertising agency, who searches for the reason for the killing of his journalist friend (Sharif), and while searching for the reason for his death, he discovers that an international organization is the reason for the killing of his friend, because he was trying to uncover its activities that threaten national security."
2056,2005,Egypt,2.35,166,"(Farhan) comes from the far side of Upper Egypt to work in Cairo holding a high school diploma, dreaming of a new world and success that he did not find in his small village, but he is forced to live in a random neighborhood, with which he meets many humanitarian models who lost their innocence, and (Farhan) lives with (Ihsan) who She sells Koshary with her daughter (Fitna), and he wants to marry her."
2057,2005,Egypt,2.45,268,"The movie revolves around a young man in Port Said called Abu Al-Arabi, who works in trade, but he did not succeed in it, yet he wants to marry a girl named Mahaja, but her father refuses because of his desire to marry his daughter to a clothes seller, so Abu al-Arabi decided to go to Greece in search of wealth."
2058,2007,Egypt,2.15,96,"A young employee who does not have any female experiences lives next to a person whom women frequent daily, so this young man spends his time spying on him while he is with them through his room window, and one time he sees his neighbor hitting a girl on the head with a sharp object and runs away, so he decides to break into the apartment and save the girl, but he gets involved In this crime."
2059,2002,Egypt,0.95,27,"Falah decides to leave his village, along with his wife, to escape injustice, and begins his journey in the city from scratch, learns various forms of fraud and fraud, and has wealth that becomes a target for another fraudster who escapes with cash to America, and gets to know my grandfather, a former congressman who is exploiting his dream of going to America, so he steals his money And he travels after him to America to get his money back."
2060,2004,Egypt,2.25,123,"The events of the movie revolve around a man who can spend all his affairs in light of the difficult life of fraud and fraud, and is associated with a girl seeking to marry him and disappointing her, to be related to another man until he finds himself alone, which drives him to continue the monument again."
2061,2007,Egypt,2.25,125,"(Jannah) marries a wealthy young man and travels to Greece, but he treats her dryly and terrifies her inside the house. That her husband is still chasing her."
2062,2000,Egypt,1.6,45,"A dermatologist and venereal disease doctor reveals to his friend and discovers that he has a disease that is transmitted through sexual relations, and from here the doctor begins to trace the threads of his friend's multiple relationships."
2063,2006,Egypt,2.05,81,"The son of a businessman resides abroad, and when he returns to Egypt he meets two girls in two different situations, so he falls in love with the first, while the second falls in love with him without knowing anything about the other about the other until the three meet on one of the occasions and discover that the two girls are sisters."
2064,2006,Egypt,2.2,113,"(Hassan, Arafa, and Sultan) A group of friends working in the field of reviving weddings by means of motorbikes in the area (Swords in Alexandria). Each young man lives a different story, but they meet in the same dream which is to travel abroad, and their friend (Fadl Mataria) tries to help them In realizing their dream after he went through the experience of traveling successfully, but they fall prey to a person called (the pasha), as he forges their papers, passports and military service certificates, and at the time their dream begins to come true, surprise occurs."
2065,2012,Egypt,2.1,94,"The movie revolves around a comic context, about the arrogant authoritarian broadcaster meeting (Yusra), who is only interested in her beauty and external appearance, but after a while she leaves her work for her son Amr (Mohamed Nour), who insists on his marriage to his beloved Nada (Mai Ezz El-Din) who works as a waitress In one of the hotels, which she does not easily fit into, and from here begins a struggle between meeting and Nada in an interesting comic setting."
2066,2004,Egypt,2.25,147,"(Shaker Wahba) runs for elections in one of the popular districts in Haret al-Atra, and tries to bribe the families by taking care of one of the schools that are falling apart. To win their favor, and turn the school situation upside down."
2067,2006,Egypt,1.9,73,"The events revolve around a young man who tries to save a girl who is raped in the Mokattam area, which leads to the death of one person by mistake."
2068,2004,Egypt,2.05,94,"The Egyptian naval forces are preparing for an important and fateful military operation, which is the sinking of the Israeli destroyer Eilat. The mission is carried out by a group of officers and soldiers, each of whom has a story."
2069,2008,Egypt,1.4,44,"Circumstances put a thief in front of a love experiment with a police officer, and during a trip to search for a treasure from the Pharaonic era, he is arrested, then an intelligence agency hires him to carry out national duties, and a romantic love story arises between him and the police officer, which leads to an internal conflict between duty Conscience, but it becomes a turning point in the life of a thief to be an honest person."
2070,2007,Egypt,1.9,77,"After a long parting with the members of the (devils) team, the agent Ahmed, who holds the number 1, decides to reunite the rest of the team, in order to thwart the theft of a large group of Egyptian antiquities."
2071,2005,Egypt,2.35,230,"(Eid) wants to enter into a love experience, and when he encounters a journalist (Noha) who was being chased by a gangster, he falls in love with her, finds her mobile, and asks to meet her. He regains his memory. What happened on the day of the accident must be repeated continuously and in the same order."
2072,2006,Egypt,1.9,78,"In Hurghada, a diver lives his life far from the city and separated from his wife, and the wife and mother have been deprived of her son by fate after she separated from her husband, and the woman tries to restore her son to her at any cost."
2073,2014,Egypt,2.15,124,"The story of the film revolves around the spirit of (Haifa Wehbe) who lives in the (Boulaq Dakrour) neighborhood, accompanied by her husband's mother, Umm Farouk, as her husband is traveling abroad. Spirit gets into many troubles because of her neighbors."
2074,2009,Egypt,1.95,85,"The events of the film revolve around a specialist in law who has a theory in which she says that any criminal can be reformed if he has the circumstances, and she has already applied her theories to a group of criminals as she faces many situations with them."
2075,2001,Egypt,1.95,85,"Jamila falls in love with Raouf, the handsome young man and a friend of Nancy at first sight, so much so that she surrenders to him, and Nancy feels grudged because of Jamila's love and compassion, so she decides to blackmail her by recording their sexual encounter."
2076,2017,Egypt,1.5,50,"Two popular singers whose financial condition worsens, so their friend advises them to marry two wealthy girls, to change their situation, so they fall in love with (Shahira) and (Bahira), after someone tells them that they are from a rich family, the relationship develops and they go to the family home, and here a brother ( Shahira) and (Bahira) thinking that they came to oppose them, so he chooses them between marrying them or killing them, so they agree to marry in the belief that they will marry (Shahira) and (Bahira)."
2077,2004,Egypt,2.3,204,"The events of the film revolve around the international director (Yahya Shukri Murad) who is honored in New York from one of the major festivals, and there he discovers that he has a son from an old relationship that he entered into at the time of his stay in the United States of America for the purpose of studying."
2078,2007,Egypt,2.15,131,"A young wife suffers from her husband's sluggishness, weakness and laziness, so she is forced to work as a microbus driver to spend on her children from him, then crises accumulate on her, and we get to know her resemblance to Jaida, a rich, reckless girl who does not understand the meaning of responsibility, but seeks to reform herself for the sake of her honorable lover until the two similarities meet and exchange Roles."
2079,2008,Egypt,1.35,45,"The events of the film revolve around a group of young men who are romantically linked and marry in a villa, one of them is on the North Coast, and there is a murder in which a drug dealer is killed in the villa, so things get worse in a comic social way, and the issue of youth attitudes and their irresponsibility in taking responsibility is raised."
2080,2006,Egypt,1.9,87,"Love combines the heart of (Adel) and (Basma), but the (Adel) family faces this relationship because the social level between them varies at a time when (Sherine) tries to woo (Adel), and (Adel) and (Basma) get into a car accident And the mother lies, telling (Adel) that (Basma) is dead, and paths are separated for each of the two lovers on new paths."
2081,2001,Egypt,1.55,58,"A group of young people meet a girl at night. Circumstances will change the course of these young men's lives, and the events follow in order for the girl to start a new clean life away from the evening parties and the corrupt atmosphere."
2082,2019,Egypt,1.3,47,"In the framework of Comedy Light, the film revolves around the famous artist (Zico), who is forced to marry Bossi, after their grandfather stipulated in his will that they marry to obtain the inheritance of five million pounds, and with the development of events their relationship turns into true love."
2083,2014,Egypt,2.2,173,"(Faleh) is a young man who graduated from the Faculty of Law, and his father interceded in order to help him search for a job, to be appointed in one of the tourist resorts as a security individual. In the resort it is called (Samah), which of them is the point?"
2084,2001,Egypt,1.4,52,"A widowed man suffers from the problems of his sons and their expenses, so he decides to seek the help of his imp to implement his requests and is able to use the methods of quackery and sorcery in preparing that imp, but before he achieves his wishes and requests, he suffers a heart attack, after which he enters into an absence and is forced to live that demon with his four sons."
2085,2005,Egypt,2.25,225,"The events of the film revolve around psychological and social issues in society, especially between spouses, including marital infidelity and emotional relations between spouses, and the impact of this on marital life, and the film presents many meanings of pleasure in life, including the pleasure of loyalty, the pleasure of love, the pleasure of betrayal, and also the pleasure of death."
2086,2003,Egypt,1.7,76,"The events of the movie revolve around the young man (Nour Hamdi), whose aunt takes care and raises him after the death of his parents, and tries to treat him well, and she is able to help him reach the world of art, where he fulfills his desire to become a professional singing, and if in days she gathers him with the famous star (Farida Fathi), and then ignites Between them is jealousy and competition after the producer decides to bring them together into one work of art, but that jealousy turns into the flames of love jealousy, and at the same time (Nour) is chased by a fan obsessed with him, who is involved in killing the singer competing with (Nour), trying to chase"
2087,2004,Egypt,2.2,195,"A new contemporary treatment of the play (Romeo and Juliet), which focuses on the hostile families of Al-Zinati and Al-Qassas for years, until Karim Al-Zinati falls in love with Salama Al-Qassas, and all the scales are upended."
2088,2010,Egypt,1.85,95,"Three sisters inherit a large legacy of a cabaret called Bon Soiree, and two of them manage it happily, as it achieves a qualitative leap for them on the financial level, amid the objection and advice of their third religious sister to get rid of this nightclub, but they are stubborn and refuse to accept her advice, and even offer all There is a paragraph in this cabaret."
2089,2010,Egypt,1.55,66,"The film revolves around a group of young people, who live in a popular area and suffer from poverty and unemployment. After a series of events, they decide to travel abroad to escape their miserable lives."
2090,2008,Egypt,2.15,174,"The movie revolves around a young man who works as a singer in a popular band, and is led by his uncle, the composer, and at one of his wedding parties, this young man meets the girl of his dreams, and she helps him marry her uncle's wife."
2091,2008,Egypt,2.05,138,"A thorny relationship between a young man and a girl, the events of which develop through the pressures of the surrounding community exerted on them."
2092,2010,Egypt,1.7,79,"Cartoonist Hisham supports his family and works in a newspaper, and uses his drawings in the face of all kinds of corruption, but he is surprised by the issuance of a decision by the owner of the newspaper in which he works to prevent the publication of any caricature affecting a famous businessman. From that moment, he sets all his priorities to insist on fighting corruption."
2093,2014,Egypt,1.85,97,"The movie revolves around a comic about Baisa, the unfortunate girl who works as a singer in a night club, and she loves (Antar) the thief who comes out of prison with his fellow fizzy and Indian, and they fail to steal a car, then kidnap a girl for a ransom, and they fail in this but Antar Wesa love the child and hold on to her until the end."
2094,2007,Egypt,1.8,93,"Two people belong to different worlds and different social and class situations, one of them is Hassan Tayara (Khaled al-Nabawi) who has a BA in law but works as a microbus driver so that he can provide for his day's sustenance, and the second is the king of (Razan Maghribi) the wealthy girl and daughter of one of the influential people in the state, and when he meets They both fall in love, but will it be peaceful?"
2095,2006,Egypt,1.15,49,"A girl who loves action and adventures, her father dies and his business manager seizes his wealth, and in return her cousin and his friend try to chase this person and restore the wealth, and they join by chance a gang led by a patient fleeing from a mental hospital."
2096,2007,Egypt,2.05,152,"The movie revolves around a teaser about a trapeze player in a circus who faces a real crisis that destroys his simple life, and through the character of (Palaiso) the issues of oppression and tyranny that some simple people are exposed to, and the film is exposed to many social and political issues of concern to Egyptian society."
2097,2014,Egypt,1.15,51,"The work revolves around a comedic drama that tells the story of an unemployed young man, like most of his generation, who lives in a slum area, called leprosy, who suffers from poverty and is unable to fulfill his dreams. He wants to marry the girl he loves, but faces many obstacles. And problems in order to achieve that dream."
2098,2006,Egypt,1.65,83,"A mechanic works for a businesswoman who loves him to madness, and he does not want forced love and loves another girl who is participating in a TV program, and she hopes to win it, and events after that take place between the business woman he does not like and the girl he loves."
2099,2014,Egypt,1.5,71,"In a comedic framework mixed with romance, the action revolves around a love story that arises between the young man (Omar) and the girl (Salwa) who tries to fulfill her only dream of becoming a show dancer, but (Omar) rejects that idea and tries hard to keep her away from her, but she can work In a nightclub;"
2100,2008,Egypt,1.85,113,"Some people may think that happiness lies in money, but this time a man working in a bank confirms that it is not possible to achieve happiness with money, and that there is no relationship between them after his occurrence in the many problems and crises that reveal this to him despite his wealth."
2101,2006,Egypt,2.2,269,"(Haha) We want joys, while his sister (Tuffah) works as a nurse in a hospital, the conflict between them revolves around owning the house in which he lives, where (Haha) seeks to marry, and (Apple) seeks to marry Fawzi, the pipe seller while (Haha) He refuses this marriage, and events pass until they discover that the brotherhood is too great to be disturbed by any conflict."
2102,2016,Egypt,0.95,48,"The events of the film take place in a comic context after the outbreak of the January 25 revolution, when security authorities ask the personalities this time to impersonate the ousted president (Mohamed Morsi) and a number of Brotherhood leaders, in order to save the country from the increasing control of the Brotherhood."
2103,2004,Egypt,2.2,280,"(Duck) and (Goose) live with their aunt (France) who works as a scarf in the popular neighborhoods, and (Duck) helps her aunt in her work, through which she lives, but (Duck) requires her aunt that her younger sister be completely away from this work, and that she continues Her education, because she wants her sister to grow up outside of this milieu."
2104,2006,Egypt,1.75,104,"Nahid (Nabila Ubaid) divorced by her husband and devoted himself to raising her three children, and after suffering with difficult life, she agrees to encourage and help her beautiful younger daughter Dina (Arwa) to enter the world of art and singing, with the help of the great producer Nader (Khaled Abu Al-Naja), but after Nahid succeeded in achieving her dream and dream Singing discovers that the producer is taking advantage of her daughter."
2105,2005,Egypt,2,161,"(Salah) leaves the Police College for the sake of singing, then life pushes him in another direction, he meets again with his old lover (Malak), who was his girlfriend in childhood years, and now she is a successful businesswoman, and despite that she is romantic, and she married a man who works in a forbidden trade She starts looking for Salah, and after she meets him, the husband begins to intervene."
2106,2015,Egypt,1.1,55,"Sabaa Macarona (Mohamed Lotfi) works as a football coach at the Dokki Sports Club, but he does not succeed in making any significant achievements in his career, which makes Habashi not agree to his marriage to his daughter Usha (Bossi), but there remains for him one last chance to prove himself, which is To take charge of coaching the women's soccer team, but discover a lot of manipulation and corruption by one of the influential people in the Football Association."
2107,2011,Egypt,1.75,106,"Hussam is a state security officer, who takes over the task of rescuing and protecting the family of the United Nations ambassador, Dawlat, from the threat of Israel to kill her family. The events follow in a comedic drama where he, accompanied by a king, who is taking care of Dawlat's children, tries to save her family."
2108,2006,Egypt,1.35,69,"(Abdo Mawasem) is a boxer who uses boxing as a means of earning a living, and seeks to help everyone around him, but he fails to help himself, and fails to fulfill his father's dream of winning a championship, until he meets the researcher (Salma), who pays him to implement her training program to obtain a doctoral degree, And he gets the championship, to fulfill his father's hope, and to achieve himself."
2109,2008,Egypt,2.2,318,"The events revolve around (Puskas), a player broker who decides to pursue this profession after his failure as a goalkeeper, and who believes that the secret of his fortune is a chain that he wears on his neck, until he loses this chain by chance, and works for (Rushdi Talal), the corrupt businessman and his assistant, and the events follow until he gets to know On the famous announcer (Hania)."
2110,2009,Egypt,1.55,93,"The events of the film revolve around the framework of comedy and action about Egypt organizing a world championship for wrestling, and terrorist entities intervene to obstruct the establishment of the championship through a major terrorist event. However, international wrestlers, in cooperation with the police, foil the attempt."
2111,2007,Egypt,2,196,"The events revolve around Captain (Cub Dargham) who is assigned the process of securing a large party in a hotel greeted by the members of the (forkats) team, and during the party a murder occurs, and the only witness to this crime is this team, so (Cub) takes the team members to life in his uncle's house In Imbaba, and from here, many comic situations occur."
2112,2008,Egypt,1.6,107,"A princess loves singing and wants to become an artist, but her puritanical father prevents her from achieving this ambition, so she is forced to work as a public relations employee in a company. Later, the father suffers from a healthy symptom that enters into a coma that lasts for two years, and here the life of a princess and her brothers changes after his absence from them, so the princess becomes a singing princess."
2113,2005,Egypt,1.8,157,"In order to obtain advantages in his work in one of the companies in the Gulf, an employee returns to Cairo for the purpose of marriage, and returns again to his work, so he tries to accomplish his mission quickly, and gets to know many girls in various ways, but he approaches one of the girls who is working in a tourism company and is related to her She is trying to change his outlook on the issue of speedy marriage."
2114,2010,Egypt,1.4,98,The events of the film revolve around the sexual problems that women face after marriage for various reasons that differ from one woman to another. The film shows 4 models of 4 women who suffer from these problems after marriage.
2115,2005,Egypt,1.95,237,"Hamada participates in all television competitions and makes many phone calls that drain all his simple money until the biggest surprise occurs in his life and he participates in a major competition to get its prize, which is estimated at one million dollars."
2116,2006,Egypt,1.35,98,"The movie revolves around a popular dance and singing troupe, whose owner tries to search for her daughter, whom she lost for many years, but she dies before her wish is fulfilled, but the team members succeed in finding this girl in the city of Sharm el-Sheikh, where she works as a western singer, the girl is surprised that her family who lived They are looking for them, too."
2117,2004,Egypt,1.75,177,"A millionaire residing in England decides to conduct a charitable campaign for orphans, and he sends his son Ezz to Egypt, in order to carry out this campaign, visit a shelter and donate a million pounds to him, but this does not please the child (Farah), confirming that they lack sympathy in the shelter. His work is that the billionaire (Ezz) will host the little girl Farah, so that she can live with him throughout his stay in Cairo."
2118,2008,Egypt,1.1,89,"The film deals with the life story of 4 girls, who are: Mona, Amira, Layali and Salma, who have had a strong friendship since school days, and after the end of the study the ways of life separate them, and with the many pressures and obstacles, each of them takes a path other than the other."
2119,2006,Egypt,1.65,168,"The story revolves around a businessman (Hassan Hosni) who searches for his daughter (Jamila), who lost him more than 20 years ago, and everyone around him decides to help him in the search for his daughter in anticipation of the financial reward that he prepared for those who find his daughter. For several fraudulent operations with the aim of obtaining the financial reward that he set, which is ten million pounds."
2120,2008,Egypt,2,389,"Omar manages to love a casino for gambling. A quiet young man who wants money to consummate his marriage joins work, so his fiancée and his family deport him to his work in the casino. He excels in his work, so the manager admires him and snaps him despite his cheating in order to save money for a girl who goes to the place and loves her, and at the same time establishes a relationship with a Ghanaian who works at the casino."
2121,2013,The United Arab Emirates,2.2,1714,"A young couple returns to their home country and lives in an apartment in Ras al-Khaimah, United Arab Emirates, and the couple believes that their lives will stabilize, but they discover that their neighbors are not humans but rather elves. Then, together, they embark on a journey to discover the truth about the `` elves '' who are trying to undermine them."
2122,2004,Egypt,1.35,134,"Adel meets Nahla and loves her at first sight, and a quick relationship develops between them, after which Nahla becomes pregnant, and Adel refuses to marry Nahla to correct his mistake as well."
2123,2018,Egypt,1.75,315,"The doubler, Badr Al-Diesel, lives in a popular neighborhood, and goes through many situations, where he gets to know the famous movie star Dunia Al-Sayyad, whose fiancée Afaf works as her assistant, and events unfold and Afaf is killed, and he decides to take revenge for those who killed her."
2124,2004,Egypt,1.3,164,"Kimo, a singer from Alexandria, and his friend, a composer, go to Cairo to achieve fame. They run into many problems, and they must strive together in order to achieve their goals."
2125,2005,Egypt,1.2,178,"Ali enrolls in the College of Medicine based on his father's wish, and he tries to treat his patients with suggestion and psychotherapy, and this method succeeds with him, which arouses the jealousy of the hospital director from him, at the same time he becomes one of the most important stars of the lyrical performance thanks to the owner of the cabaret, and the circumstances and the appropriate timing help him present his art His success also makes the new singer (Dunia) jealous."
2126,2006,Egypt,0.95,157,"A lyrical comedy in which the aspirations and dreams of a group of friends revolve around each other and support each other in all their problems, whether they are personal or professional problems."
2127,2007,Egypt,1.45,311,"The movie revolves around Karkar (Muhammad Saad), a wealthy young man, who caused him to be crazy by an electric shock. The other is seizing his money, and the two agree to deceive (Karkar), and events unfold in the struggle between good and evil."
2128,2004,Egypt,1.2,215,"The film revolves around a fictional comic about Shaltout, a struggling young man who works in a tourist village in Sharm El-Sheikh, who falls in love with the daughter of the owner of the village in which he works and seeks to marry her, but her father faces his efforts with rejection due to the physical and social differences between them."
